Please type any calculations here for the possibility of obtaining partial credit if you have incorrect final answers. The more detailed your work is (especially with regard to units), the more chance you have at getting partial credit.    You must number each question or else you will get no partial credit.
A student collected the following data for the phase diagram for t-butyl alcohol       Boling point (at 1 atm pressure)   82.5 degC     Freezing point (at 1 atm pressure)   25.2 degC     Temperature at Triple Point   30.0 degC     Pressure at Triple point   1 atm       Based on the data collected, draw a neatly labeled phase diagram. Label the axes clearly, show the appropriate phases and show the above information on the diagram. (8 points)
A set of rules for communications, defining the format of data and rules for exchange.
The alternative hypothesis is also known as the _____ hypothesis
What is the standard dose range delivered for the treatment of NHL?
This area of the limbic system is responsible for fear and danger?
What atom would have a formal charge in this structure?
36. The conceptualization of culture as a game suggests that:
Which of the following terms describes an accumulation of rocky, sandy, or clayey material deposited at the end of a glacier?
When two traits are 100% apart, how much of the time would they end up together?
The _____ function reads an entire file and returns the file data into an indexed array?
He wrote about an intellectual, artistic, and literate Renaissance gentleman or "Renaissance man" who became the model for European aristocrats to copy; his book was entitled The Courtier:
Explain how extrinsic motivators differ from intrinsic motivators.
What is the likely sister taxon of Eukaryota?
Upper respiratory infections (URI) are more severe in which of the following patients?
The two sides of a fold are called?
_____ are programs designed to maintain or improve employee health before problems arise.
Second Free Response Question.  Work on your own paper while honorlock is running.  When you have finished type in your final answers.  Be sure to upload your written solution.  You must show all intermediate steps, list assumptions, draw appropriate figures, etc. to receive full credit. Consider the water tank on a frictionless cart as shown. The diameter of the exit port is D = 1.5 in and the average water velocity through the exit port is 15 ft/s.  Water is entering through the top of the tank from above in a way that maintains the water level in the tank constant.  After the water exits the tank it is deflected by a turning vane by an angle th.  You may assume that the water jet exiting the tank maintains a constant cross-sectional area as it is turned by the turning vane.  Take the density of the water as 975 kg/m3. Useful conversions: 1 slug = 14.6 kg    1 m = 3.28 ft     1 in = 0.0254 m    100 Pa = 0.402 in H2O    Calculate the tension in the cable restraining the cart when th = 20@ What value of th will give a maximum tension in the cable?
Now assume that my tongue-rolling husband is instead homozygous for tongue rolling.  Predict what % of my children should be able to roll their tongues by writing the cross and showing your Punnett Square.
The infections below are all considered sexually transmitted diseases EXCEPT
