Format There are 21 questions worth 3pts each totaling 63 points.  Each question is one of the following types:  Multiple Choice: select the single best answer of the available choices (no partial credit) Fill-In-Blank - type the answer in the exact format as described (no partial credit) Multiple Answer - select all that apply, incorrect selections count against correct (partial credit for correct answers minus incorrect selections) Multiple Dropdown - select from available choices for each blank (partial credit for correct choice selections)  You must read question instructions carefully.  Partial credit is only possible for the multiple answer and multiple dropdown style questions.   Save each answer as you go by clicking the arrow icon near the question number. Exam Instructions     Contact HonorLock proctor via chat if you have any problems entering or during exam. You must use Chrome Web Browser. You must have working webcam and microphone and have them turned on. You must not talk to yourself or others, sing, have music playing or allow others to talk to you. You must keep your face visible (with enough light). If you believe there is an exam error, choose the best answer, make a note of question number and your concern on your scratch paper for yourself, and move on. Reduce your browser's scale factor/magnification if a table or an image is too large. You will see one question at a time. You can go back to earlier questions and change your answer.  Be sure to resave the answer. You may not use copy/paste, or click and drag, or open new browser tabs. This exam is intended to take 60-75 minutes but you may use up to the full 120 minutes.    After viewing these instructions, select next to answer the first question.
QUESTION 4.2     Using your periodic table, consider the questions that follow.
A patient who has been treated for status epilepticus in the emergency department will be transferred to the medical nursing unit. Which equipment should the nurse have available in the patient's assigned room? (Select all that apply.)
When the nurse is working in the women's health care clinic, which action is appropriate to take?
The nurse reviews laboratory results for a new admission and finds a blood urea nitrogen (BUN) of 35 mg/dL and a creatinine of 1.0 mg/dL. Which of the following actions should the nurse take?
79. A client in a hypertensive emergency is admitted to the critical care unit.  In the emergency room vital signs: Temperature: 97.9degFarenheit, Pulse: 88 beats/min, Respirations: 20, Blood pressure: 220/108, O2Saturation: 95%.  At 1000 the client is started on prescribed intravenous nitroprusside at 5 mcg/kg/min.  The nurse evaluates therapy is effective, if at 1100am
Shown below is differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) thermograms for two different polymers, that is polyetheretherketone (PEEK) and polyethylene terephthalate (PET). Which curve belongs to which polymer? Justify your answer. Note: chemical structures of PEEK and PET are provided.
A patient with suspected hyperthyroidism is scheduled for a radioactive iodine uptake test. Which symptoms of hyperthyroidism does the nurse note on the medical record? Select all that apply.
You find a fish carcass in a pond with white filaments radiating from it. Back in the lab, you stain the white filaments and observe that their cell walls are made of cellulose. The species you have found would most likely be classified within the
What is the primary means of communication with the instructor ?
INSTRUCTIONS: Complete each sentence. Use furthermore, however, as a result, or in fact.   Ex: Many American couples want to adopt children. However, there are very few babies available in the U.S.        Some American couples want to adopt Russian children. ____________________, the process can cost over $50,000.
Which of the following communication techniques is most effective to use with clients who are experiencing severe anxiety?
Catabolite repression ensures that the              is used first.
Which of the following medications does the nurse need to monitor lab tests for liver toxicity?
Which clinical finding is an overt sign of retinoblastoma in children?
Which of the following is the correct balanced equation for the equilibrium constant expression given below?
The nurse is caring for a patient with a potassium level of 5.9 mEq/L. Which of the following provider's orders should the nurse do first?
Instructions: Complete the tasks.Write three present continuous sentences to describe what the people in the photo are doing.
What is equipment used to capture information and commands?
A client's health history reveals daily consumption of two to three bottles of wine. The nurse should plan assessments and interventions in light of the client's increased risk for what hematologic disorder?
