"The peace conditions imposed upon Germany are so hard, so humiliating, that those who had even the tiniest hope for a 'just peace' are bound to be deeply disappointed. Our condemnation of the lust of power and conquest that Germany displayed during the war is strong and unwavering. But a condemnation of wartime actions must not amount to a lasting condemnation of an entire nation. The question is not whether the Germans have been led astray by their leaders, or whether they have been willing accomplices in the misdeeds of those leaders--the question is, whether it is in the interest of mankind to punish the German people as the Entente governments seem to have decided to do. The Entente evidently desires the complete annihilation of Germany. Not only will its whole commercial fleet be confiscated, but its shipbuilding yards will be obliged to work for the foreigner for some time to come. Whole regions of Germany will be entirely deprived of their liberty; they will be under a committee of foreign domination, without adequate representation. The financial burden is so heavy that it is no exaggeration to say that Germany is reduced to economic bondage. The Germans will have to work hard and incessantly for foreign masters, without any chance of personal gain, or any prospect of regaining liberty or economic independence. This 'peace' offered to Germany is a mockery of President Wilson's principles. Trusting in these, Germany surrendered and accepted peace. That confidence has been betrayed in such a manner that all Germans must now feel that they wish to shake off the heavy yoke imposed on them by the cajoling Entente. And we fear very much that they will soon find the opportunity to do so. Chained and enslaved, Germany will always remain a menace to Europe." Algemeen Handelsblad, Dutch liberal newspaper, editorial on the Treaty of Versailles, June 1919            Which of the following best supports the contention that the First World War was the first total war?
Trade names have the same legal protection as trademarks.
In instances when a contract is not fulfilled, ___________ of contract is said to occur.
Students write a diary entry from the viewpoint of a slave child separated from his family. Which of Wiggins and McTighe's elements of understanding is being assessed?
During appositional growth
Using practices and procedures to prevent contamination from pathogens is called the aseptic technique
The licensed practical nurse/licensed vocational nurse (LPN/LVN) is assisting in the care of a 51-year-old patient recovering from a hypophysectomy. Which observation should the nurse identify as needing immediate intervention?
At what level does the abdominal aorta bifurcate into right and left common iliac arteries (CIA)?
How do enzymes function to speed up the rate of reactions?
A 42-year-old woman comes to the clinic complaining of occasional urinary incontinence when she sneezes. The clinic nurse should recognize what type of incontinence?
Which of the following is not a criterion for defining something as a mineral?
What cell type becomes cancerous in squamous cell carcinoma?
Functions of the skeletal system include
Which of the following statements concerning osmosis is FALSE?
According to Donders, which stages of information processing are involved in a simple reaction time task?
A carnival ride has radius 18 ft and revolves at 2 rpm.  What is the linear speed in ft/min?
Tissue death (gangrene) or amputation of the affected limb can result from___a/an.
__________ determines the format of each data element and the overall database structure. Must balance several priorities, including storage, response time, and support for rules that govern the data.
"Public broadcasting" refers to any television, radio, and digital media that
What is the setting of Beowulf?
