Taneisha is a police officer who witness the death of a friend and coworker 6 months ago. Taneisha is having nightmares and is reliving the tragedy in her dreams and thoughts. Lately she has been missing work and hates the sounds of sirens. She occasionally has bursts of anger and has trouble controlling her emotions. She is likely experiencing what?
Of all of the industries that developed during the period between 1865 and 1900, perhaps the one that most affected people's lives was the railroad.  Perhaps surprisingly, one of its important influences was on time --standard time.                Originally, each railroad followed its own time.  Thus, if there were five different railroad lines using the same station, there would be five different clocks on the wall. no two of them alike.   In addition, there were often different times within a single state.  Illinois, for example, had twenty-seven, while Wisconsin had thirty-eight.  If you were traveling from coast to coast, you had to change your watch twenty times along the way if you wanted to keep up with the local time.  The confusion was tremendous.                In 1870, Professor C.F. Dowd started a campaign for uniform time.   He suggested that the earth's surface be divided into twenty-four time belts, beginning at Greenwich, England (which is 0 degrees' longitude).  Each zone would represent one hour.  The continental United States would have four such zones, which Dowd named the Eastern, Central, Mountain, and Pacific zones.  Thus when it was noon in New York City, it would be eleven o'clock in Chicago, ten in Denver, and nine in San Francisco.                In 1872, the railroads decided to adapt Dowd's suggestion.   But it took until 1883 before the plan went into effect.  However, no sooner did the railroads adapt standard time zones then the rest of the nation did the same.  As one newspaper declared, "the sun is no longer boss of the job.  People, 55 million of them, must eat, sleep, and work, as well as travel by railroad time."   In 1918, congress passed an act making the time zones official.  In 1966, congress passed another act that set up eight time zones, thus including Alaska, Hawaii, and all U.S. possessions.  Later, Congress also adopted daylight saving time in summer as a fuel-saving measure.  The only holdouts are Arizona, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and part of Indiana.   15.  The tone of the third paragraph is best described as  enthusiastic disapproving critical objective    16.  In paragraph one, the author of this passage reveals a bias in favor of  Greenwich., England. daylight saving time. eight time zones. standard time.    17.  One could conclude from the passage that  Congress has the power to enforce daylight saving time. Arizona, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and Indiana are conservative states. the railroads adapted standard time because they were concerned about fuel. before people traveled by train, standard time was not important.       18.  From this passage the reader can assume that  all citizens of Arizona adapted daylight saving time. residents of Indiana disagreed about adapting daylight saving time. Congress was confused by the time zones the railroad had established. railroads wanted to dictate its use of time zones in all states.    19.  The author's claim, " Perhaps surprisingly, one of its important influences was on time -- standard time." (paragraph 1)  is supported throughout the passage by specific factual evidence. is inadequately supported by using only generalizations.      20.  Which of the following statements provides the best support for the author's assertion in paragraph two, "The confusion (caused by the lack of standard time) was tremendous."  If you were traveling from coast to coast, you had to change your watch twenty times along  the way if you wanted to keep up with the local time. He suggested that the earth's surface be divided into twenty-four time belts. The continental United States would have four such zones.  Originally, each railroad followed its own time.
Abraham Maslow contributed an:
Which of the following is an example of a variable cost for a manufacturing firm?
Synchrotron radiation, a type of nonthermal radiation, is found in the emission from
Which of the following serves as an emulsifier of fat droplets in the small intestine?
How does the coefficient of kinetic friction generally relate to the coefficient of static friction?
What other types of masses have cells similar to this tissue type WITHOUT granules?  List 2
Which of the following is not one of the major themes in Benjamin Franklin's writing?
86
Answer Test 1A
The serum calcium-to-phosphorus ratio is an inverse relationship. If the calcium level increases, the phosphorus level will increase.
An isometric contraction is one in which the muscle pulls a weight while changining length.
Who sings the aria Che gelida manina (What a cold little hand) in La Boheme?
Abnormal increase in red blood cells is known as ___________
Which country has "Peseta?"
Which of the following accurately describes the effect of increasing the alpha level?
In the first published demonstration of the standard analogue assessment by Iwata et al. all of the following functions were assessed EXCEPT;
John a homeless person just come to live in the shelter. The shelter nurse is assigned to his care. Which of the following is a priority intervention the part of the nurse?
A gallop rhythm is the term used to describe the sloshig of turbulent blood flow.
