On the balance sheet dated 12/31/2020, CS Inc. reports the following information in the section of stockholders' equity: Common stock, par value $2; authorized 20,000 shares;       issued and outstanding 10,000 shares                                              $  20,000 Paid-in capital in excess of par                                                                     30,000 Retained earnings                                                                                          95,000 Total                                                                                                            $145,000   On March 1, 2021, the board of directors declared and issued a 15% stock dividend. On March 1, 2021, the fair value of the stock was $6 per share. For the three months ended March 31, 2021, CS reported a net loss of $15,000.  The net loss was closed to retained earnings on March 31, 2021. What amount should CS Inc. report as retained earnings as of March 31, 2021?
What is not true about field names?
Which of these disease-causing organisms is a protozoan? (Select all that are correct)
All of the following are true about HIV EXCEPT
Which name means "shovel foot"?
[Fred] Fred is starting his own chocolate company "Chocolate Fever." He has begun the process of creating his brand and contracts a local ad agency, PrizeEyes, to make a creative TV commercial about chocolate for his new company. Once the production of the commercial is complete, Fred has his marketing manager arrange to show it on two local TV stations, since PrizeEyes does not purchase media. What type of ad agency is PrizeEyes?
List the populations used as sources of data on the incidence of radiation-induced cancer  1 [1] 2 [2] 3 [3] 4 [4]
To close a long position in corn futures, a trader can do that in the following ways except  ___________.
Which of these is NOT a strategy used by pathogens to evade the immune response?
A metal wire is 1 meter long and has a circular cross-section of radius 1 mm. The wire is made out of nichrome (80% nickel and 20% chromium) that has an electrical conductivity of 106 O-1 m-1.      1. The metal wire is stretched so that its cross-section is still circular but its total length is now 10 meters. What is the      resistance of the wire after stretching?   2. If a battery is used to maintain a potential difference of 10 Volts across the stretched wire, what is the current density through the wire?
Fiduciary duty means the duty of utmost loyalty, care, trust, fairness, allegiance, devotion and confidence and requires putting the interest of the business before personal gain.
The nurse administers RhoGAM to a postpartum client. Which of the following is the goal for the medication?
Your Honorlock proctored session has begun.  At no time during your exam can you close this window or your Chrome browser as this will end your proctored session and may be viewed as grounds for receiving a '0' grade for your exam.  Once you have completed your entire exam and seen the Green Screen showing that it has been submitted through Examplify, you may return to this Chrome browser window and advance to the next question in this Canvas quiz.  Now that you have begun your Honorlock proctored session, you may open Examplify and enter the code below to access your exam:  Exam Code: Smithexam3121
Write 2.5 in base 2 to the third "decimal place".  Write the expansion in the space below and show your work on your answer sheet.
Breastfed babies usually have better nutritional status because
Calcium, an important mineral for muscle contraction, is stored in which organelle of a muscle cell?
Balance the following skeletal equation: Pb(NO3)2 (aq) + KI ( aq) - PbI2 (s) + KNO3 (aq)
African cattle egrets represent mutualism. They are native to :
Which of the following statements about motor control is FALSE?
Regarding the likelihood of a behavior being repeated again in the future typically is driven more by the consequence of the behavior than the antecedent.  Which of the following best describes what is meant by the word antecedent?
