Part II: Select ONE TOPIC to write about: Intramembranous Ossification OR Endochondral Ossification In your essay (made of 2-3 paragraphs of about 6-10 sentences EACH), you should define and explain any terms associated with the process. You have already defined the cells and osteoid previously, so you do not need to define these as you explain their actions relative to the process. Each essay will have some additional terms that will need to be used and defined within the process, but both essays should require the use of, and definition of the following terms (you may abbreviate terms as indicated after fully defining them and using them once) :  Primary ossification center (POC) Trabeculae, spongy bone (SB) and compact bone (CB) Phagocytosis and transcytosis The type of specific tissue that forms the bone precursor Note: You will need to use these words while writing, but you should have already defined them in the prior Q: osteocytes, osteoblasts, osteoclasts, mesenchymal cells, osteoid, lacunae    Hint: Here are some other terms that apply to one essay OR the other, but not both: Bone collar, secondary ossification center, medullary cavity, epiphyseal plates, secondary ossification center, hypertrophication of chondrocytes, sutures Remember to indicate which essay topic you selected.
Use the accompanying figure and the molecules labeled A, B, C, D, and E to answer the following questions.Refer to the figure. If the carbon atom of each of the incoming CO2 molecules is labeled with a radioactive isotope of carbon, which organic molecules will be radioactively labeled after one cycle?
53. A person with a nose bleed should be positioned:
What is the most common cause of uterine enlargement pre-menopausal?
How many full periods of
Match the following types of Interest Groups with an actual interest groups in our political system:
Through experimentation, science proves facts.
Though she had been asked to twice, Nicole chose not to clean up the blocks she was playing with one afternoon. As a result, her mother told her that she could not play with the blocks the next day. This is an example of:
John owns John's Trucking Corporation and is trying to determine if his firm should engage in vertical integration and diversify the range of services his business sells. Before John goes through with these decisions, he'll need to consider what is his
A passive carrier is infected but does not show symptoms
The nurse notes the following rhythm change on the client's cardiac monitor.  The clients' vital signs are stable. What should the nurse recognize as the rhythm and required intervention(s)?
Dr. Kagan wants to understand how temperamental characteristics are related to shyness in children. He invites children to the lab, where he measures both of these variables. Unbeknownst to Dr. Kagan, the shyest children who were invited to the study decided not to participate because they were uncomfortable interacting with the researchers. After collecting the data, he calculates the correlation coefficient for the relationship between temperamental characteristics and shyness, and finds that it is much weaker than expected. Based on this information, it is possible that Dr. Kagan's findings are due to _____.
When looking down on the Earth's North Pole, the earth rotates counterclockwise.
The reaction system POBr3(g)  POBr(g) + Br2(g) is at equilibrium.     Which of the following statements describes the behavior of the system if the partial pressure of bromine is reduced by 75% as equilibrium is established?
After eating a substantial lunch, Sue's body is converting _____.
Which phrase is the best example of a description of soil structure?
The Supreme Court established that government aid to religious schools would be accepted as constitutional if it had a secular purpose, its effect was neither to advance nor inhibit religion, and it did not entangle government and religious institutions in each other's affairs under criteria that became known as the ________ test.
When evaluating the arterial blood gases (ABG's) of a client with a 15 year history of    COPD/Emphysema, which of these Arterial Blood Gas results are primarily characteristic of   the client with COPD/Emphysema?
A male patient suffered a brain injury from a motor vehicle accident and has no brain activity. The spouse has come up to see the patient every day for the past 2 months. She asks the nurse, "Do you think when he moves his hands he is responding to my voice?" The nurse feels bad because she believes the movements are involuntary, and the prognosis is grim for this patient. She states, "He can hear you, and it appears he did respond to your voice." The nurse is violating which principle of ethics?
Before and after Christianity was established as the Roman Empire's official religion, Christians met in __________________ to worship and to bury their dead.
