A sheet of metal with a length of 1.5 m and width of 2 m is placed on the surface of a wooden table. A 0.0015 m thick dielectric cotton tablecloth with a permittivity of 4.8x10-11 C2/Nm2 is laid on top of the metal sheet and another identical metal plate is placed on the first piece of metal. Each plate is hooked up to opposite terminals of a 12 V car battery.    a) What is the charge that develops on the capacitor plates? b) How much energy is stored by the capacitor? c) Calculate the strength of the electric field between the capacitor plates.   Suddenly a large punch bowl is spilled on the table soaking the tablecloth and changing the permittivity of the cloth to 7.7x10-10 C2/Nm2. Answer the following questions assuming the cloth is soaked as described. d)How much charge is on the plates now. e) Find the energy stored by the capacitor when the tablecloth is soaked. f)Now the metal plates are disconnected from the battery. If the cloth dries overnight returning the tablecloth to its original condition, then calculate the energy stored in the capacitor the next day. g)What is the new potential difference the next day?   part a) Co =1.77x10-8 F
If a blind is left in place after a shutdown, what is/are consequence(s) that can occur?
In the lock-and-key model, binding of substrate causes a conformational change in the enzyme active site to fit the substrate and induce catalysis.
FILL-IN SECTION: Write the term below that best completes each sentence from the options listed. Episodic           Semantic              Perceptual                Priming            Procedural           Not a memory Coming home tired after work and remembering that you put leftovers from yesterday in the fridge. _______________________
One month ago, an adult died from cancer. Family members now gather at the adult's home to dispose of the deceased's belongings. Which comments demonstrate the family member is coping with the loss in an effective way? (Select all that apply.)
For the first well log the downhole measuring instrument was called a _________.
Strengths are ______.
Rochelle wants to purchase a new gaming laptop. She wants to compare two of the latest models of gaming laptops--with similar build, quality, and hardware specifications--from different manufacturers. Rochelle reads reviews of each product on reputable online forums before making her decision. In this scenario, Rochelle seeks data ________________.
Sleep strengthens learning and memories.
Which of the following is true of mitosis?
Multiple Choice Question. Choose the correct answer below. Let . Evaluate
In regard to drug distribution, lipophilicity is water-soluable and hydrophilicity is fat-soluable.
Select ONE of the following questions. Be sure to answer each part of the selected question and be sure to be specific in your answers--leave no room for vagueness, as this may be interpreted as a lack of understanding and could result in a failing score.   Option 1: Applying Concepts to Research Design You have been tasked with developing a research proposal evaluating the relationship between social class and educational outcomes in the state of Missouri. Thinking about this relationship, you should consider the best methodological approach (qualitative or quantitative methods); a measurable research question; how you may gather your sample and how to ensure the protection of your research subjects. For each point below, explain in detail (utilizing material gained in the course) how you would approach this project, addressing the following questions: -1. Which methodological approach (qualitative or quantitative) would you select and why? How might the project differ if you were to select the alternative methodology? -2. What is your research question? How will your selection of methods seek to answer this question? -3. What potential errors may arise in your research and how can you attempt to control for these errors? Be specific using the terminology provided in coursework. -4. What type(s) of sampling strategies would you use? Explain your reasoning for the use of the strategy. Again, be specific and show your knowledge. -5. Discuss in detail how you would uphold research ethics in the form of protection of subjects, using the ethical issues discussed in the course.   Option 2: Theory and Methods As we have learned, the standpoint of the researcher can influence how a researcher may approach their study. Considering the research proposal below, discuss how Critical Social Science (CSS), Positivist Social Science (PSS) and Interpretive Social Science (ISS) would differ, be careful to illustrate your understanding for each approach in the following research proposal: Proposal: Evaluate the relationship between social class and educational outcomes in Missouri: For this question: -1. Detail how the guiding questions would differ among the three approaches for the proposed study. -2. Describe the methodologies that would be utilized by each approach. -3. Explain how each approach would influence the direction and findings of the following proposed study.   Option 3: General Methods -1 Compare and contrast qualitative and quantitative methods, what are the benefits and drawbacks of each? -2. What are potential errors that can arise in Qualitative Methods? What strategies can researchers utilize to avoid these errors? -3. What are potential errors that can arise in Quantitative Methods? What strategies can researchers utilize to avoid these errors? 4. Finally, how might utilizing a mixed methods approach be a benefit to researchers when confronting issues of validity and reliability? Be very careful to explain the concepts of validity and reliability, in the discussion of mixed methodology.
When formatting a typed essay using MLA style for our class, you should use which of the following?
Examine the statement and decide if it describes mitosis, meiosis, both or neither.  Then choose the correct answer. DNA is copied prior to cell division.
Question 28: Brand Message Mismatch causes the brand to:
Rubbing stems of young plants a couple of times daily results in plants that are shorter than controls is an example of:
Rewrite the following letter to incorporate a better "you-attitude." Be sure to employ proper letter format.  This letter is to Ted Ladner. He lives at 451 West Lincoln Ave., Victoria, TX 77901.   Dear Mr. Ladner: You have written to the wrong office here at the County Building. There is no way we can attempt to verify the kinds of details you are demanding from Brown County. Simply put, by carefully examining the 2017 tax bill you said you received, you should have realized that it is the Tax Collector's Office, not the Tax Assessor's, that will have to handle the problem you claim exists. In short, call or write the Tax Collector of Brown County. Thank you, {enter your own first and last name}
The latest research regarding children raised in lesbian and gay households suggests __________.
This structure was present in the small intestine of a kitten that was experiencing profuse diarrhea prior to death. What stage is present at the pointer?
