There are two firms in the market, an incumbent firm and a new firm trying to enter the market, the entrant firm. The entrant firm can either enter the market or not enter the market. The incumbent firm can either fight the entrant firm's decision or accept it. The incumbent firm threatens to fight the entrant firm. 1) Find the Pure Strategy Nash Equilibria of the following game. 2) Is the threat credible. Explain why or why not.
A newspaper boy is trying to perfect his business in order to maximize the money he can save for a new car. Daily paper sales are normally distributed, with a mean of 100 and standard deviation of 10. He sells papers for $0.50 and pays $0.30 for them. Unsold papers are trashed with no salvage value.   If he orders the optimal quantity of papers each day what % of the time will he experience a stockout? (Enter your answer as a whole number percentage i.e. 25.2% would be entered as "25")
A douglas fir-larch no. 2 2x8 cantilevered beam spans 5 ft. and carries a concentrated load of 150 lbs. Determine the maximum shearing stress if the cross-sectional area is 10.9in2
A client is following up in the physician's office four weeks after his gastric bypass surgery to treat morbid obesity.  Which of the following is a good dietary recommendation for him?
Which of the following is not an advantage of a repeat analysis program?
An election that does not change the balance of forces between the major parties would best be described as a
Which cath based intervention is commonly used to correct stenosis in patients with Arterial Tortuosity Syndrome?
Uploaded your completed exam here.
The nurse is caring for a patient with inner ear problems. Which goal is the priority?
This image represents which artistic movement...
Which of Koch's postulates shown below appears to be violated by the presence of SARS-CoV2 in asymptomatic individuals who do not show signs or symptoms of COVID19?
What are the cases in this survey (select all that apply)
Laser beam shaping optics within the CR reader:
A fire that started in the defendant's warehouse spread to the plaintiff's adjacent warehouse. The defendant did not intentionally start the fire, and the plaintiff can produce no evidence as to how the fire started. However, the defendant had failed to install a sprinkler system, which was required by a criminal statute. The plaintiff can produce evidence that had the sprinkler system been installed, it could have extinguished the fire before it spread. In an action by the plaintiff against the defendant to recover for the fire damage, is it possible for the plaintiff to prevail?
McDonald's, with its use of specific policies and procedures to provide an acceptable, consistent service quality, would best be described as using the personalized approach for customer service.
Charles the dauphin (son of Charles VI) was disinherited under
If the system below is in equilibrium, what will happen when SO2 is added? 2SO2(g) + O2(g)  2SO3(g)
According to Kohlberg, which of the following types of interaction is most likely to promote the development of moral reasoning?
Has chemotherapy been used to delay or replace radiation therapy in medulloblastoma patients?
What does a Little 'Un think he has seen in the forest?
