On October 31, 2017, you observed that the term structure of the interest rates was flat at the semiannually compounded rate of 3%. You wanted to invest in 1-year zero-coupon Treasury bond. (a) Suppose that you purchased 1-year zero-coupon bond at the market price of $97.07 on October 31, 2017. On November 30, 2017 (30-days later), you find that the term structure of the interest rates shifts down to 2% per annum (semi-annually compounded, flat term structure). What would be the 30-day holding period return (HPR)? [answer1] (b) Suppose that you purchased 1-year zero-coupon Treasury bond at the market price of $97.07 on October 31, 2017. At the same time, you entered into a 30-day Repo with a Repo dealer. More specifically, you delivered the 1-year bond to the Repo dealer and received $87.07 in exchange on October 31, 2017. You also agreed to repurchase the bond at the price of $87.07 plus interests at the maturity day of the repo (November 30, 2017). The quoted repo rate from the dealer was 4% per annum. On November 30, 2017 (30-days later), you find that the term structure of the interest rates shifts down to 2% per annum (semi-annually compounded, flat term structure). What would be the 30-day holding period return (HPR)? [answer2]   (c) Suppose instead that the term structure of the interest rates shifts up to 4% (flat) on November 30, 2017. Without doing any calculation, do you think the 30-day holding period return (HPR) in part (a) would be larger (or less negative) than the 30-day holding period return (HPR) in part (b)?  [answer3]
Gram staining differentiates bacteria based on what:
Which best describes the effect of positive assortative mating in a population?
Solve the inequality and graph the solution set.-6x >= 12
A deletion occurs in the trp operon DNA of E. coli and results in the loss of the attenuation region in the 5' UTR of the RNA. The DNA sequences of the structural genes and the operator/promoter region are not affected by deletion. What effect will this deletion have on the regulation of this mutant trp operon compared to a wild-type operon?
Acquiring sufficient Vitamin B-12 from the diet may be a problem for vegans because:
In the brain, which of the following is more radiosensitive?
Margo works as an administrator and receptionist in Neon's Garage Door Store. Neon withholds federal taxes from Margo's pay, and controls the methods and details of the performance of her work. Margo is not authorized to modify the prices or other terms of a sale at the store. Omar installs Neon's Garage Door products at the buyers' locations. At the shop, Margo is
Sickle cell anemia is a condition that occurs when a defect in hemoglobin causes a decrease in what?
The nurse provides discharge teaching for a client with peptic ulcer disease (PUD). Which client statement indicates that teaching has been effective?
If metabolic conditions cause a change in the blood's pH, which organ compensates?  (10.8)
Hyperventilation is most likely to be accompanied by a(n):
The factor(s) that is/are the most important determinant of economic contentment is/are:
Identify the structure labeled "C" in the model below.
Which of the following best captures the sociological significance of "border patrolling"?
The best way to address outdoor air pollution is to ________.
Which of the following describes the classification and normal balance of the fees earned account?
Which is the most accurate method of carbohydrate counting for someone with diabetes?
An alternative to trial offered by a judge or prosecutor, in which the offender agrees to participate in a specified counseling or treatment program in return for withdrawal of the charges.
Writing that uses the five senses to create "pictures"
