6. (10 points, 5 minutes) (Scheduling) Shown below are the duration of the CPU burst and I/O burst times for the three processes.    Assume processes P1, P2, and P3 are ready to be run at beginning of time. Assume each process does:  CPU burst; first CPU burst I/O burst; one I/O burst CPU burst; second CPU burst Done; process execution complete Priorities:  P3 highest priority P2 next higher priority P1 lowest priority  Process arrival:  P1, P2, P3 all arrive within milliseconds of each other in this order all are ready to be scheduled at time 0    Shown below are the timelines of activities on the CPU on I/O for the three processes with some scheduling discipline.    Answer the following questions with respect to the CPU schedule: (i) (2 points) What scheduling discipline resulted in the above timeline of activities? (ii) (2 points) Why did it schedule P2 at time = 1? (iii) (2 points) Why did it schedule P1 at time = 6? (iv) (2 points) Why did it schedule P2 at time = 13? (v) (2 points) What is the waiting time for P3 with this schedule?
What two systems have been recommended to be incorporated into cars to help decrease older driver crashes?  One is Lane Departure Warning the other is?
Toxicity and hypersensitivity reactions vary greatly depending on the dosage, differences in tissue location, and biovariability in humans.
Established primarily for the training of Puritan ministers, this college (established in Massachusetts in 1636 ) was the first college established in America.
In an MIS application, processes are usually methods for performing a task.
A client with a history of seizures reports, "I have the unusual taste in my mouth I get before I have a seizure."  What is the priority action for the nurse to take at this time?
Which example best illustrates a sensitive period?
When restructuring is utilized in order to have a successful unrelated diversification which of the following is used to accomplish that diversification?
A 56 year old man is sent for evaluation of an elevated hemoglobin concentration and hematocrit. He has chronic dyspnea and nonproductive cough. He has not seen a doctor in over 20 years. He denies ETOH, but has smoked 2 packs of cigarettes daily for 30 years. He has no family history of any hematologic disorders. On exam he is overweight and has labored breathing. He has no lymphadenopathy or splenomegaly. He has expiratory wheezing and occasional rales on examination. His lab results are displayed. Which one of the following studies is most likely to lead to the correct diagnosis?
Consider the following brain image.    What region of the brain is believed to be most involved in a wide variety of functions including motivation for food, water and sex, memory encoding, and fear responses?  This area is also believed to house the primary reward centers in the brain.
Which of the following can financial institutions impose on their customers to assist minimizing the institutions' cybersecurity risk exposures? I.    Setting maximum password length II.   Requiring passwords to be alpha-numeric with special characters III.  Limiting the number of log-in attempts IV.  Requiring passwords to be changed periodically
Match the cell part to its description
The halogens have the most negative electron affinities.
A school-age child becomes frustrated with a school assignment and says, "I can't do this!" What is the most developmentally supportive response from the parent?
Select the four flight fundamentals involved in maneuvering an aircraft.
Heart Short or Long Answer: (1-2pts each) write the words or phrases or sentences that correctly answers each question. (1pt) Give a specific example of a positive chronotropic agent. What does it do to the heart rate?   (2pts) Compare parasympathetic and sympathetic control of the heart. Address neurotransmitter and receptor type, effect on the heart, and which parts of the heart are effected.   (2pts) What are the three main variables that determine stroke volume? Be sure to describe how they affect stroke volume (ie. If the variables goes up, how does that change stroke volume?)
A client asks the nurse what foods he should eat to increase his thiamine level. Which of the following foods contain the highest level of thiamine per serving?
Which of the following types of connections joins only the web of the beam, but not the flanges, to the column?
Determine the velocity of a marble (m = 7.75 g) with a wavelength of 3.46 x 10-33 m.
One way we can silence the free speech of others and eliminate true philosophy is to use the postmodernist (or post-structuralist) trick of deconstruction or finding non-rational reasons to explain away an argument.  For instance, "Ignore that argument he just gave for a wall--he just wants to build a wall because he is a rich, white, racist."  What is another name of this kind of attack that we see every day in this country?
