The Conserve School in Land O' Lakes, Wisconsin is a four-year college preparatory school located on 1,200 wooded acres, including lakes, a wildlife preserve, and 22 miles of cross-country biking and hiking trails.  The Conserve School was established after the death of James R. Lowenstine, president of the Chicago-based Central Steel and Wire Company ("CSW"), who donated the land on which the school is located.  Mr. Lowenstine envisioned a school at which children could be offered a "secondary school education with a special emphasis on nature studies such that the curriculum, campus, and community would combine to uniquely prepare and incline students toward valuing the natural world." The Conserve School is organized as a charitable nonprofit corporation and has a five-member Board of Directors comprised of the top executives of CSW. The Conserve School's endowment was funded entirely with a bequest by Mr. Lowenstine of all of his stock in CSW and other financial assets.  Mr. Lowenstine directed that his bequest be held permanently for the benefit of the Conserve School and that income from his bequest be used for the operation of the Conserve School.  Currently, $130 million of the $180 million endowment fund (or 72%) for the Conserve School is invested in CSW stock.  Mr. Lowenstine's will also provided that the Board of Directors was not required to diversify the endowment funds' investments and recommended that the Board of Directors retain his CSW stock. CSW is a closely-held company, and its stock is thinly traded over the counter.  It is estimated that the value of the stock has fallen approximately 10% over the past year.  The endowment funds' ownership in CSW represents 60% of the outstanding shares in CSW.  If the endowment funds' ownership in CSW fell below 50%, an outsider could take control of CSW.  Furthermore, a large sell off of CSW stock could further depress the stock's value because there is no ready market on which to trade the stock.  All of the directors of the Conserve School individually own stock in CSW. A recent decrease in the value of CSW stock along with a decline in anticipated dividends from CSW caused the Board of Directors to reevaluate the endowment fund's ability to finance the operations of the Conserve School.  The Board of Directors determined that the endowment fund now could only provide $ 4 million annually to the school, well short of the school's current operating needs.  The Conserve School would need about $6 million from the endowment fund next year to meet its $8 million operating budget.  The Board of Directors then considered several alternatives to deal with the financial decline, and ultimately determined to convert the Conserve School's four-year college preparatory program to a single semester of study focused on nature and environment.  In making this decision, the Board of Directors reasoned that increasing the payout of the endowment fund would jeopardize the future stability of the Conserve School and would force the sale of assets in the endowment fund in bad economic times. Parents of the current students of the Conserve School are outraged by the Board of Directors' decision.  They argue that the endowment fund is more than sufficient to maintain operation of the Conserve School's four-year college preparatory curriculum and that the Board of Directors never considered selling the CSW stock as an alternative to dealing with the financial downturn experienced by the endowment fund. The Wisconsin attorney general files suit against the directors alleging that the directors have breached their fiduciary duty of loyalty in managing the endowment fund and in deciding to change the school's curriculum.  How would a court most likely rule?
Identify the structure labelled 'L.'
When determining the exact location and position of the patient(s) in a wrecked vehicle, you and your team should routinely consider all of the following, EXCEPT:
The use of a mirror while teaching a patient to balance can be considered a form of biofeedback
AFDELING A - 25
Which Excel function totals only the cells in a range that meet given criteria?
A 64-year-old male presents with increased dyspnea. He has a barrel chest, is thin, and is pink in color. Clubbing of the fingers is present. Wheezes and rhonchi are present bilaterally in all lobes, and pursed lip breathing is noted. Vital signs are: blood pressure 162/92; pulse 118 beats per minute; respiratory rate 22.The "pink" color of this patient's skin is a result of
Which one of the following correctly shows the order of molecules in the Calvin cycle?
According to the case study on chronic renal failure (CRF), which of the following clinical manifestations, signs and symptoms would be LEAST expected in a patient with CRF? For this question, do not consider how any medications would impact these cm/s/s.
Where in any molecule is its energy stored?
_____________________ is a rock band based out of Boston, Massachusetts.  Their music is characterized as "Power Ballad" Rock 'n Roll with soul. The plane that later killed members of Lynyrd Skynrd was on the list of planes to check out but they decided against it. One of their famous songs is titled "Sweet Emotion."
In spite of the potential safety hazards, some people would like to have an Internet connection in their car. A preliminary survey of adult Americans has estimated this proportion to be somewhere around 0.30. Use this preliminary estimate to determine the minimum sample size required to estimate the proportion of adult Americans who would like an Internet connection in their car to within 0.05 with 99% confidence.
Most nutrients are absorbed in the__________.
In the space provided below, show your work for the previous problem (calculating the YTM on the bond). Doing this will allow me to give you partial credit for a wrong answer. If you do not show your work and you get the answer wrong, you will get no partial credit.
What is the remainder when 39453 is divided by 12?
A FFR of .76 should be treated with PCI.
Write the appropriate ending on the article. If there is no ending leave it blank. Ich besuche gern mein ______ Grosseltern.
The cardinal principles of radiation protection includes three areas of major importance.  They are:
Bioprosthetic leaflet thickening observed on the echo can be associated with all of the following except:
Social media and mass media have a number of functions for society as a whole. Which of the following is included in the chapter as one of these functions?
