10.   Identify the specific raised area       Possible prefix or suffix:  Pre-/Post-/ -central   Central         Fissure         Groove        Gyrus       Lateral        Medial          Longitudinal          Sulcus
The best understood reservoir of HIV consists of latently infected CD4+ T cells. These cells are resting (primarily central and transitional memory) CD4+ T cells that harbor ______________ and express little or no viral RNA and no viral proteins but can be induced to produce infectious virus if the cell becomes activated.
What is the difference between a Works Cited page and an Annotated Bibliography?
96.  The cacao tree variety that produces most of the world's chocolate:
Which of the following Hardball Strategies is the LEAST commonly used by companies?
Which of the following diseases is NOT correctly matched to its vaccine?
Which of the following statements regarding heavy and light chain rearrangements is false?
The time frame for when pain becomes chronic pain is:
Act IV   In Act IV, Scene 6, some sailors bring a letter to Horatio. Whom is the letter from?
Which of the follow is true of the size principle for motor unit recruitment? (FYI...This is the last question on the exam....so remember to rip up/destroy your scrap piece of paper before hitting the submit button for your exam; if you didn't use your scrap piece of paper you can show the camera that both sides of your piece of paper is still blank.  If you are intending on going back to review previous questions, rip up your paper before doing so, so you do not forget)
List 4 guidelines/recommendations in the new Dietary Guidelines 2010.
26. Which plant cell organelle contains its own DNA and ribosomes?
Both the Osmotic pressure and the Hydrostatic pressure oppose the water gradient in Osmosis. What is the difference in these two pressures?
Dr. Cotta is interested in the causes of behavioral problems among children. To study this, she employs the "Behavioral Tendencies" scale, which uses parents' and teachers' ratings to score children on a scale of 1-70. (Higher scores indicate more behavioral problems.) The population mean on this scale is 29.87. Dr. Cotta suspects that one of the many causes of behavioral problems is a stressful home environment.             She gathers a random sample of 100 children who have been classified as living in a stressful home. For this sample the mean score on the Behavioral Tendencies scale is 36.95. She computes the following test statistic: t = 2.40. If Dr. Cotta conducted a one-tailed hypothesis test (a = .01), a) what decision should she make regarding the null hypothesis? b) Then in "plain English" what does this tell her about the effects of a stressful home environment on behavioral problems and include statistics in APA format? No effect size is needed.
Extra credit: Among the two quantitative biodiversity indexes we discussed in class, the [blank1] index is places a greater weight on species with low population numbers than the  [blank2] index does.
Which of the following are important functions of macrophages?
Persistent late payment of rent is a real nuisance for landlords.  Jason Landlord is upset that his tenant, Danny Delayed, has frequently paid his rent late.  Jason's bookkeeper charges him extra to deal with late payments which adds to Jason's financial stresses. Danny apologized profusely and assured Jason that his rent would be on time because his child support was finally coming in.  What is the Form to be used? And which additional facts support the use of that form? (Two part answer)
Modern whales lack hind limbs but have structural remnants of pelvic and leg bones. What evidence is provided by this information?
In a console window, assuming that MyClass includes the main method, how do you run the program?
_______ of thymocytes is necessary to produce a T-cell repertoire capable of interacting with self-MHC molecules.
