Case Study: Darwin's Finches In 1977 the Galapagos had abnormally low rainfall, and the seed plants on which the medium ground finch, Geospiza fortis, depend produced small crops. Only 15% of the population survived the drought, and the survivors were the mostly large birds with strong beaks, because they were able to crack large seeds. The population as a whole was shifted toward larger body size. The level of selection measured in the drought and the drastic population crash was the highest yet recorded in a vertebrate population. However, a few years later there was a particularly wet year, and enormous quantities of seeds were produced. The finches had multiple broods that year, and smaller individuals, having great numbers of small seeds available, and reaching maturity faster, raised more offspring. The effect of the wet year was to shift the average body size back toward smaller size. Similar major fluctuations in climate and food supply occur on approximately a 20-year spacing in the Galapagos as El Nino and La Nina perturbs the local climate, producing dry and wet years. Peter and Rosemary Grant observed the beak size of the Galapagos Finches over a few years. They noted that the average beak size in some years increased and in other years decreased significantly as the availability of large and small seeds changed overtime. What could explain these changes in beak size?
The pharaohs of the eighteenth dynasty
Which of the following bones is categorized as an irregular bone?
What is the usual pricing style for banquet menus?
Calculate the amount of heat (in kJ) required to raise the temperature of a 88.0 g sample of ethanol from 298.0 K to 405.0 K. The specific heat capacity of ethanol is 2.42 J/gdegC. Must show your work (scratch paper) to receive credit.
The interruption of blood supply to the brain caused by a cerebral thrombosis, cerebral embolism, or cerebral hemorrhage is called:
Because of satellite radio stations like SiriusXM radio, U.S. radio stations can be heard throughout the world. The commercials on these radio stations convey American ideas and culture to other countries. This best exemplifies  __________.
Which situational factor is most likely to trigger an aggressive response?
You are a soldier in the Army and see the following 3 exercises as part of today's resistance training session: I. Power Clean II. Romanian Deadlift III. Prone Leg Curl In what order should the exercises be completed based on NSCA recommendations?
If Josh wants to maximize his profit/minimize his loss he should produce at what point?
Generally, a dissociated member of a limited liability company (LLC) has the right to buy his or her interest in the LLC from the other members.
How does an antagonist differ from a prime mover (agonist)? How is it the same?
TOPS (Taking Off Pounds Sensibly) is a non-profit weight loss program that is lower cost than most commercial programs (such as Weight Watchers and Noom).
Mom has curly hair and dad has straight hair, their daughter has wavy hair. This is an example of:
What is a social role?
Find the median for the given sample data.The temperatures (in degrees Fahrenheit) in 7 different cities on New Year's Day are listed below. 25 25 31 53 64 73 83Find the median temperature.
Part III - Discussion
Determine the % ionization of a 0.22 M propanoic acid, HC3H5O2 solution.               ( HC3H5O2 , Ka = 2.9 x 10
Consider the poset ({1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 10, 12, 16, 30}, |). True or false: This poset is a lattice.
sexually-transmitted diseases are
