Which of the following is more fit?
Passage 2            There's some sweet news about chocolate: in addition to its delightful taste, it also offers physical benefits. Researchers have learned that one benefit of eating chocolate is that it is a source of desirable antioxidants. Antioxidants are molecules that reverse the deleterious effects of free radicals--harmful molecules that damage cells, leading to increased risk of heart disease, cancer, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's disease, and other age-related conditions. Until recently, only tea, coffee, red wine, and certain fruits--for example, strawberries--were thought to be sources of antioxidants, but it is now known that chocolate contains the same type of disease-fighting chemicals. Tests on human blood samples have confirmed that the antioxidants extracted from chocolate suppress cell damage and strengthen the immune system. Moreover, recent studies have revealed that dark chocolate (meaning chocolate without milk solids added, and thus with a higher percentage of cocoa) has the greatest number of antioxidants; it has been shown to reduce blood pressure and lower LDL (bad) cholesterol. If eaten daily, an ounce or two of dark chocolate containing at least 70% cocoa can help keep the heart and cardiovascular system running well.            Besides producing increased antioxidant levels and stronger immunity, chocolate also contains mood-lifting chemicals, such as the stimulants caffeine and theobromine. In addition, when mixed with sugar and fat, chocolate increases the production of the brain's "feel-good" chemicals--endorphins, which provide a feeling of pleasure; and serotonin, which acts as an antidepressant. And neuroscientists recently found that chocolate contains anandamide, a chemical that produces soothing effects on the brain. So eating chocolate not only has physical benefits; it has psychological advantages as well.           There are other scientific conclusions about the benefits of chocolate. Its stimulation of lactase enzyme activity actually helps people with lactose intolerance by blocking the cramping and bloating resulting from their inability to digest dairy products. Also, chocolate--particularly dark chocolate--is one of the few foods with a high content of chromium, which purportedly controls blood sugar. Furthermore, tests were conducted that showed animals tended to reduce alcohol intake when given a chocolate drink as an option. And finally, other tests have revealed that the antibacterial compounds in cocoa beans--the main ingredient in chocolate--may discourage, not promote, tooth decay.            Finally, recent research clears chocolate of blame associated with several problems it has long been accused of causing. For example, according to famous experiments at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and the U.S. Naval Academy, chocolate does not cause acne. Another study, performed at the University of Pittsburgh, indicates that contrary to popular belief, chocolate does not trigger headaches. There is no link to hyperactivity, either, as several scientific studies found no evidence that eating chocolate generates hyperactivity, aggression, or other behavior problems. In this passage, the author is biased in favor of
What does a pneumotachometer measure?
Baroreceptors that detect stretch and regulate BP are located where in the body?
Which of the following is not a factor that makes it more difficult for new ventures to be successful as differentiators?
True or false: Thalamic association nuclei receive their major contingent of specific inputs from the cerebral cortex.
The properties of a specific amino acid compared to others is best determined by its ______.
Much African art is connected to the spirit world and this is seen in the use of masks and masquerades.
Localized rapid bone turnover, most commonly affecting the skull, femur, tibia, pelvic bones, and vertebrae, is characterized by which bone disorder?
A bright blue star is moving away from Earth. Which of the choices best completes the following statement describing the spectrum of this star?   You would observe a(n) ___________ spectrum that is  _______ compared to a star that is not moving.
Which of the following is a wall-painting technique in which pigments are applied to fresh, wet plaster?
SECTION B: ESSAY QUESTIONS                    Please right click the button below, and open up a new tab to access the essay marking rubric          3.   The World around 1600: The Songhai empire.             Critically discuss the reasons for growth and prosperity of the Songhai Empire in the 15th and 16th centuries.   [50]         Please answer Question 3 in the essay text box below.
A reaction was found to be first order (1st) with respect to [A] (rate = k*{"version":"1.1","math":"*"}[A]1). Increasing the concentration of A by a factor of 2 will cause the reaction rate to ________.
Identify the amplitude, period, vertical and horizontal shifts of the following graph. Then use that information to find an equation for the graph using the form
The legal requirements for a veterinary prescription are very different to those for a prescription for a human although there are some similarities.  Which of the following is a legal requirement on a veterinary prescription (non-CD) but NOT a legal requirement on a prescription for a human (non-CD)?
2. Consumers/Person Served who have problems swallowing medications such as capsules and large tablets that cannot be crushed can swallow them easier if the medication manager
The figure below shows changes in sea level since the last ice age ended. Based on this, if the Earth were to enter another ice age similar to the last one, what would the sea level most likely do?
SECTION A: QUESTION 1:         1.   Ten multiple-choice questions are given below. Choose the most correct answer for each.         1.1   Questions 1.1.1 and 1.1.2 refer to the diagram linked in the button below.   TO VIEW THE DIAGRAM, RIGHT CLICK ON THE BUTTON BELOW AND OPEN IT IN A NEW TAB:           1.1.1   Which one of the following statements is true concerning the cycle shown? A.        An increase in blood sugar level results in a reduction of insulin secretion. B.         An increase in insulin level results in an increase in blood sugar level. C.        A decrease in blood sugar level results in a decrease in insulin secretion. D.        A decrease in insulin secretion results in a decrease in blood sugar.   (2)
Emergency medical services arrive to the emergency department with a client who sustained a C3 spinal cord injury. Which priority assessment does the emergency department nurse perform at this time?
Which of the following IS true about the Asian American Theater Company?
