Pain that the patient feels in a body part or area of the body that has nothing to do with a diseased organ is termed:
The excess elimination of hydrogen ions, as may occur in vomiting, can result in:
How many meters are in 15.0 cm?
The insula is located
QUESTION #2 (COLLEGE-LEVEL SPANISH INSTRUCTION, DRA. SOCARRAS) Application question: Analyze the Spanish class presented in the case study, according to the following topics.    Methodology/ approaches Theoretical assumption of the teacher (empiricist or rationalist) Task sequencing (Brandl, 2008): Input, assimilation, and task Role of the instructor and learners Role of L1 versus L2 Role and type of feedback (explicit versus implicit) Proficiency outcome prediction in terms of oral production, e.g., what learners would be able to produce at the end of the semester, if classes continue in this fashion.    Support all your answers with the content of the readings and discussions carried on in class and specific examples from the case study. For example, it is not enough to say the teacher is an empiricist, you need to define "empiricist" and then give evidence from the case study supporting the characteristics of this theoretical posture.   CASE STUDY: Spanish class PHASE I Teacher:            -Buenos dias. ?Como estan, bien? Bueno, hoy vamos a hablar de *la familia, la familia, ?si?  (Says, as he writes "familia" on the board). Vamos a hacer una Lluvia de ideas sobre la familia.  A ver. ?Quien me puede decir una palabra que describa a la familia? ?Recuerdan los adjetivos? Peter:                Importante. Teacher:            Muy bien, Peter. (Teacher says as he writes down the word on the board). Joy:                  Divertidou, muchous. (She says laughing). Teacher:            Es divertiDA y hay muchAS personas. ?Si? (Teacher says as he writes down the words on the board; student smiles, nodding.  After five or six more answers, the teacher says as he opens a power point presentation with pictures of his Puerto Rican family). Esta es mi familia. Tengo una familia muy grande (Opens arms to indicate how big his family is). Hay muchas personas en mi familia.  John, ?como es tu familia, grande o pequena?- John:                 -No se, huge!.- Teacher:            -Oh, es muy grande, John. (John nods) Bien, a ver... Susan, ?y tu familia, es grande o pequena?- Susan:               -Familia.- Teacher:            -Bien. Vamos a ver mas fotos.  Este es mi papa y esta es mi mama (Says pointing to his father and mother in the picture). Estos son mis siete hermanos. !Si, somos ocho hijos! (Shows 8 fingers to indicate eight; students open their eyes in reaction to the size of the family).  Tambien tengo quince tios, ocho maternos, por el lado de mi mama, y siete paternos, por el lado de mi papa (says as he points family members on the picture). En esta foto esta toda mi familia junta (makes gestures to indicate "together") en la cena de Nochebuena. ?Ven a mis abuelitos? (Pointing to the grandparents on the picture) !En esta cena habia cincuenta personas en la mesa! Muchas personas, ?si??Preguntas?- Kate:                 -What is "sin cuuueeenta"?- Teacher:            -?Cincuenta? Es un numero: diez, veinte, treinta, cuarenta y cincuenta. Kate:                 -Oh, fifty! Gracias. Teacher:            -Si, muy bien, cincuenta.- PHASE II Teacher:             -Muy bien. ?Mas preguntas? ?no? Ahora Uds. Van a hablar de su familia con un companero de clase. A ver, a trabajar en parejas (Shows two fingers to indicate "pairs" and passes a worksheet titled: Una descripcion de mi familia). Bien, tienen diez minutos para escribir 5 oraciones describiendo a su familia.- (Teacher says, showing five with his hand. He walks around answering questions; students seem somewhat lost; after ten minutes instructor calls for volunteers). PHASE III Kate:                 -Mi familia esta laarga. Pedro's familia esta pecueniia.- Teacher:            -Gracias Kate, entonces, tu familia es grande pero la familia de Pedro es pequena (States using gestures to indicate the two sizes). A ver... un poco mas de detalles. ?Tienes hermanos?- Kate:                 -Si, tengou cin cuuenta jermanous.- Teacher:            -!Cincuenta! (Says as he writes fifty on the board) Kate:                 -!Oh, no! Tengou cincou jermanos. Lo sientou.- Teacher:            - Bien Kate. ?Puedes repetir: Tengo cinco hermanos? Recuerda que la hache no suena en espanol. (Says pointing to the letter on the board) Kate:                 Oh, si, lo sientou. Tengou cincou hermanos.- (Says smiling). Teacher:            -Mucho mejor Kate, gracias. ?Y tu Joe, tienes hermanos?- Joe:                   -Nou.- Teacher:            -?Y tios? ?Tienes tios y tias? (Joe shakes his head to indicate no). Bien. Otros voluntarios. (Brooks and Carla raise their hands to participate). Si, Brooks y Carla.- Brooks:             -Carla's familia esta pecuenia y mi familia... big.- Teacher:            -Gracias Brooks. Entonces, la familia de Carla es pequena y tu familia es grande, si grande. (Students nod). Recuerden clase. En espanol decimos: La familia de... Por ejemplo, la familia de los Kardashian es interesante. (Says, as he writes on the board). ?Algo mas Carla? ?Tienes primos? Carla:                -Si, muchous.- (Class continues in this fashion.  At the end of the class, teacher feels frustrated because although students seem to understand the topic, they are not producing the new vocabulary about the family presented in this lesson). *Bold in the dialogue indicates the text was pronounced with emphasis.
Aqui dejo las tildes de todas las vocales y la "n" para poder copiar y pegar durante el examen: a e i o u n
Information is most quickly transmitted from one cerebral hemisphere to the other by the
Determine the volume of H2S (at 375 K and 1.20 atm) needed to produce 110.0 g of S.  Assume that there is excess SO2 present.                           2 H2S(g) + SO2(g) - 3 S(s) + 2 H2O(g)
The following are manifestations of Hypertrophic Pyloric Stenosis except:
For a normal population with u = 40 and s = 10 which of the following samples is least likely to be obtained?
Which of the following makes up the majority of lymphocytes:
I was amazed to learn that the two major sources of mercury in the US are from combustion and _____.
Budgeted sales (in units) for the Rockwall Energy Drink Company are as follows:      September 45,000 units   October 60,000 units   November 40,000 units   December  75,000 units      The company wishes to have 10% of the next month's sales on hand at the end of each month. How much is budgeted production for November?
Place the following in order of decreasing IE1. Cs Mg Ar
QUESTION 3 - Communication through Design      Right click the button below to open up  Figure 7 in a new TAB.                3.1   Briefly describe how the following are evident in Figure 7:  Shape Rhythm Variety Emphasis    (4)
Which of the following government expenditures is included in 'G' because it is not a transfer payment?
A business owner makes 1200 devices a day. Each day he/she contributes 8 hours to produce those devices. If hired, elsewhere he/she could have earned $200 an hour. The item sells for $10 each. Production does not stop during weekends. If the explicit costs total $150,000 for 30 days, the economic profit for the month equals:
In a student teamwork experiment, hybrid rewards were more effective than individual or team rewards because ______.
T or F Reactions that release heat are endothermic.
Match the cranial nerve in the right column with the function in the left column. 1. sensory to thoracic and abdominal regions                                                  a. CN VI 2. controls intrinsic and extrinsic tongue muscles                                           b. CN VIII 3. hearing and balance                                                                                       c. CN II 4. motor to lateral rectus muscle                                                                      d. CN XII 5. vision                                                                                                               e. CN X 6. motor to superior oblique muscle                                                                f. CN IV
