Forty percent of lifeguards employed at a swimming pool are identified as being successful at the job. This percentage represents the:
What Doppler angle is required for transcranial Doppler?
This antiseptic is used to degerm skin for preoperative scrubs.  This agent is effective on bacteria like MRSA and Acinetobacter.
Which of the following results in the release of kinetic energy in the ATP/ADP cycle and this is what type of reaction?
__________________is the most common cause of chronic obstructive lung disease.
Common standards in the police hiring process include
Reflect on the period of European colonization of the New World from 1492 through the first several decades of the 18th century (1700s).  What is the most valuable lesson or information that students can learn from studying this time period?
Say the temperature at any point in the plane is given by  What is the direction of greatest increase in temperature at the point  ?
Bones grow in length due to activity in the ________.
Take what you now know about epigenetics and nutrition.  In the case of the agouti mouse, if a yellow, unhealthy F1 offspring is allowed to reproduce and she is fed a methyl supplemented diet during her pregnancy and nursing, what litter of mice would you be MOST likely to see?
A patient with septicemia develops prolonged bleeding from venipuncture sites and blood in the stools. Which action is most important for the nurse to take?
When presented with a lineup, Morgan was able to identify the perpetrator of the robbery she had witnessed. She was not sure of her identification at first, but when the investigator mentioned that another witness also chose the same suspect, her confidence that she remembered the perpetrator well grew close to 100%. This is an illustration of:
When the patient is treated with a low dose of radiation for days/hours at a time, it is called?
Bach had a reputation for writing easy music.
The first Mongol Emperor was:
Submit a screenshot of your simulation here
The repeated implementation of different CRM technologies with different data structures is mostly a failure of:
The nurse is caring for an older adult patient who was diagnosed with osteoarthritis. In an effort to distinguish from the disease process, the nurse knows that the normal musculoskeletal physiologic changes of aging include which changes? (Select all that apply.)
Open the Quiz 5 Student Answer File (Excel File). Follow these instructions to complete your quiz. Historical income statements and balance sheets for Carl's Soup Co. are provided in the above referenced Excel file. All dollar figures and share values are expressed in millions of dollars.    In the Worksheet named "Historical & Pro Forma," identify all the numbers in Tables 1 and 2 that should be calculated based on other numbers and replace these numbers with the appropriate formulas. (10 points)  Additionally, calculate the historical earnings per share (EPS) and Dividends per share (DPS) in rows 31 and 32. (5 points)   Pro Forma Statements (Unbalanced).You have been asked to prepare projected financial statements for Carl's Soup Co. for 2019-2020 starting with the historical statements for 2016-2018. For your forecast use the assumptions given in the worksheet entitled "Forecast Assumptions," but make your model flexible enough so that a user can easily play "what if" games. (40 points)  Be sure to enter the forecast factors in the space provided in column G. As indicated in the assumptions, hold the levels of both short-term and long-term debts constant. This will result in an unbalanced balance sheet. Show the difference as the discretionary funding needed (DFN) in row 74. Calculate the pro forma EPS and DPS in rows 31 and 32. You should have forecasts for both the income statement and balance sheet Format all of the pro forma numbers so that they match the formatting of the corresponding historical numbers.   Balanced Pro Forma Statements (Pro Forma Balanced). We saw with the previous pro forma model that most of the time projected balance sheets will be out of balance and will indicate a need for discretionary financing. Modify the model so that it will automatically balance the balance sheet based on the following requirements. (10 points)  Ensure that Excel's iterative calculation is turned on! Create a copy of the "Historical & Pro Forma" worksheet and name it "Pro Forma Balanced." Use short-term debt (STD) as the plug to balance the entire balance sheet. What you should observe is that for one or more years, STD becomes negative.   Pro Forma 1. Now, modify the balance sheet in the previous model so that Cash & Marketable Securities (C&MS) maintains a minimum $250 (million) balance and that any cash in excess of this is used to pay off STD, and if all STD is paid off, then excess cash is deposited in the C&MS account. (15 points)  Create a copy of the "Pro Forma Balanced" worksheet and name it "Pro Forma 1" to complete this requirement.   Financial Statement Sensitivity Analysis (Sensitivity). First, make a copy of the "Pro Forma 1" worksheet and name it "Sensitivity."  Your management wants to see how Net Income, EPS, and dividends per share (DPS) will change for 2020 for sales growth rates from 1% to 10% (changing by 1% each time) per year over 2019 and 2020. Create a one-input data table to show this information. (10 points)   Be sure to format this table so that it is easy to read. Make use of borders and shading. Also be sure to label the columns for Net Income, EPS and DPS. The table should look similar to what we completed in class. Ensure that the numbers produced are formatted using the Currency number format.   Second, create a two-input data table to show how EBIT for 2020 will depend on the cost of goods sold-to-sales ratio and sales growth rate in a reasonable range. (10 points)  Use the sales growth rates from the sensitivity table you just created. For the cost of goods sold-to-sales ratio, use 53% to 57%.        Once you have completed your quiz, upload your completed Excel file to this question. Please rename the Excel file using the initial of your first name, your last name and "Quiz 5." For example, Jane Doe would rename her quiz file "JDoeQuiz5." After you have uploaded your file, you may submit your quiz which will automatically close you out of Honorlock.
When the seasons shift from winter to summer, the semipermanent subtropical highs shift ________ in the Northern Hemisphere.
