The Virginia Plan of the Constitutional Convention proposed a system of representation in the national legislature that was based upon
Which gland produces melatonin?
Use the following patient vignette to answer questions 11 and 12. An 86-year-old woman is evaluated in the emergency department 60 minutes after onset of difficulty speaking and right arm weakness. The patient has a history of well-controlled hypertension for which she takes 5 mg/day of amlodipine (Ca2+-channel blocker). She has no history of previous neurological, gastrointestinal, or genitourinary pathology and no recent surgical procedures.   On physical examination, blood pressure is 130/82 mm Hg and pulse rate is 86/min and irregular rhythm. Neurologic examination shows global aphasia and right hemiparesis. A computed tomographic scan of the head without contrast shows a hypodense, dark region in the left hemisphere. By the time testing is completed, an additional hour has passed. 11. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
True or false: the entire clitoris is shaped like a button
For this exam, you will be exploring weekly aggregated values of the DOW index from the beginning of 2010 through the end of 2020. Please use the provided starter script to begin the data analysis. Additionally you will find included a script containing a few helper functions that may prove useful. It is entirely optional to use them. Additionally, you may refer to any course notes or example code. Please read the open-book policy document to better understand what it allowed and not allowed during this exam. Analysis should be done on the 'train' data except for comparing ARIMA forecasts in question 2, when you will be using the 'test' data. MT Starter Code.R   Midterm Helper Code.R   Additional reminder to watch the time carefully and make sure you submit before it closes. Data: DJI.csv   Question 1: Data Exploration (25 Points)  Produce time series and ACF plots for the original series as well as the first and second differences. What assumptions (if any) does each level of differencing appear to violate, and which seems closest to stationary? Comment if any features stand out. Fit a third order parametric polynomial (cubed) and a splines model on the first difference of the data. Extract the residuals of each model and use graphical residual analysis to evaluate the goodness of fit. Also apply performance measurements (MAPE, Precision Measure, and MSE) to assess the performance of the prediction. Now fit a third order parametric polynomial, but also include a second order harmonic component. Assess the fit in the same way as in 1(B) above; does the quality of the fit seem to be improved? How about the predictions? What do the results seem to indicate?    Question 2: ARIMA Modelling and Forecasting (45 Points)  On each level of differencing, now build the PACF plots. When considered along with the plots from before, what (if anything) can you say about the potential order of the ARIMA model? Using the iterative AIC minimization process with a maximum order of (4,2,4), determine the non-trivial (at least one coefficient) orders associated with the lowest and second lowest AIC scores. Fit models with both orders and use Box tests and appropriate graphical analysis to assess the quality of the fits. Perform root analysis of both models (graphically or algebraically) and comment on the properties of the processes. Write out the algebraic function associated with the model that has the lowest AIC score, include a model summary for verification purposes. For the same model, forecast ahead 6 points and overlay the values with confidence intervals on top of the plot for the data of the same period. Calculate forecast accuracy metrics PM, MAE, and MAPE and comment on the prediction performance. Does ARIMA seem like a good method of modelling a financial index like the DOW? Why or why not? (To receive full credit, you must reference the results of your analysis as well as underlying theory).    Please upload your full report below when complete. Do not click "submit" until you are done or it will end your test. Please upload in one of the following formats to receive full credit (-5 for incorrect format): PDF, Word, HTML
There is relatively little bone marrow in the extremities, no gonadal irradiation, therefore no contribution to the _____ significant dose.
EXTRA FILE UPLOAD QUESTION USE ONLY IF NECESSARY
Some fungal species live in plants and can kill herbivores that feed on the plant. What type of relationship does this fungus have with its host?
If you wanted to know your vitamin D status, you would get this measured:
Which approach to data analytics attempts to identify similar individuals based on data known about them?
First National Bank of North America (FNBNA)     Assets   Liabilities and Equity         Amount ($'millions)   Rate of Return       Amount ($'millions)   Rate of Return     Cash   10   0%   Core Deposits   80   5%     Investments   30   6%   Borrowings   10   7%     Loans   60   9%   Equity   10         TOTAL   100       TOTAL   100         If FNBNA is expecting a $20 million net deposit drain, and the securities liquidity index is 0.97, how many securities would have to be liquidated if the bank used only its securities to fund the expected deposit drain?
Who "grew and harvested" the cotton "in the colonies"?
To achieve dosage compensation in Drosophila, one of the two X chromosomes is inactivated in females, to equal the level of one X chromosome in males.
Q2-(b) (4 Points) What are the two limitations of existing sensor management systems in IoT Platforms?
Which of the following transport protocols and port numbers does Secure Shell use?
Part II:  Short Answer.  Please answer the following questions.  Place your answers on the following lines, and feel free to use any scratch paper to show your work.
Give the specific name and description of the Skull/Face position that is demonstrated by the image below:     Is this image demonstrated correctly? Why or why not?
Which carbohydrate is the preferred energy source of the body?
Where do you find your course instructor information?
For what purpose was color photography first widely used?
