DIRECTIONS: Choose the correct answer for each question. The Travels of Ibn Battuta [A] "I left Tangier, my birthplace, the 13th of June, 1325, with the intention of making the pilgrimage [to Mecca] ... to leave all my friends both female and male, to abandon my home as birds abandon their nests." So begins an old manuscript in a library in Paris - the travel journal of Ibn Battuta.[B] Almost two centuries before Columbus, this young Moroccan set off for Mecca, returning home three decades later. Ibn Battuta is now regarded as one of history's great travelers. Driven by curiosity, he journeyed to remote corners of the Islamic world, traveling three times as far as Marco Polo, through 44 modern countries. He is little celebrated in some parts of the world, yet his name is well known among Arabs. In his hometown of Tangier, a square, a hotel, a cafe, a ferry boat, and even a hamburger are named after him. [C] Prior to his adventures traveling the world, Ibn Battuta studied in Mecca for several years. However, the urge to travel soon took over. He traveled to India, seeking profitable employment with the Sultan of Delhi. On the way, he described his group being attacked in the open country by 80 foot soldiers and two horsemen: "we fought ... killing one of their horsemen and about twelve of the foot soldiers. ... I was hit by an arrow and my horse by another, but God in his grace preserved me."[D] In Delhi, the sultan gave him the position of judge, based on his studies at Mecca. But the sultan had an unpredictable character, and Ibn Battuta was soon looking for an opportunity to leave. When the sultan offered to finance a trip to China, Ibn Battuta agreed. He set off in three ships, but misfortune struck while he was still on shore. A sudden storm grounded and broke up two of the ships. Scattering treasure, the storm drowned many people and horses. As he watched, the third ship, with all his belongings and slaves, was carried out to sea and never heard from again.[E] After a lifetime of adventures, Ibn Battuta was finally ordered by the Sultan of Morocco to return home to share his wisdom with the world. Fortunately, he consented and wrote a book that has been translated into numerous languages, allowing people everywhere to read about his incredible journeys. In paragraph C, what does urge mean?
The planning committee for a large hospital is studying the activity of their intensive care unit which has 22 beds. During the first quarter of the year (non-leap year), (January, February, March) there were 1,967 inpatient service days. What is the average daily census for this period? Round to a whole number.
Digested fats are absorbed into _____ surrounding the _____.
The veterinarian wants to make sure that all emergency drugs are calculated prior to starting surgery. Calculate how much Glucose you can give to Perdita INTRAVENOUSLY if necessary.
The nurse is creating a plan of care for a client diagnosed with acute laryngitis. What intervention should be included in the client's plan of care?
16) Which of the following statements about hydrogen bonds is false?
Which of the following is both a safe and effective weight loss strategy?
Which of the following is platelets?
Which beef industry segment is considered to be "non-essential:"
People who drink more alcohol tend to have lower personal incomes. This is an example of:
Find the relative minima of  on the interval  by applying the First Derivative Test. Round numerical values in your answer to three decimal places.
. In 1817 Sylvanus Thayer introduced a ______-year course in engineering
A dividing eukaryotic cell is treated with a drug that inhibits the molecular motors associated with kinetochores.  Cell cycle stage would stop at
The figure below shows the result from running some classification algorithm on a set of points and classifying them into two categories (red and blue).   Which clustering algorithm is most likely to have produced this result?
Multiply the following using two methods from those listed:
Which of the following tissues is not found as part of a long bone?
The following molecule would be considered a(n) _____.
From the beginning of his presidency, Kennedy vigorously supported black civil rights.
Kinetosphere Automation Inc. (K.A.) makes a mandatory employment contract with all its employees. The contract states that K.A.'s employees are not to work for any other organization while they are employed by K.A. If K.A. finds an employee who is also serving another company, it can approach the court to obtain a(n) ________ to prevent the employee from working in the other company.
During the second division of Meiosis, the number of chromosomes is reduced by half.
