Curly, Larry and Moe were really angry with Groucho because Groucho had reported them to the police for serving alcohol at a party where most of the guests were only 18 years old. One Friday night, the three of them went to the Good Times cafe to get some take-out.  As they walked up to the door of the cafe, they saw Groucho coming out.  Larry said, "Come on guys, let's get Groucho." Larry ran up to Groucho and started punching and shoving him.  Curly didn't touch Groucho, but he kept urging Larry to keep pushing  Groucho.  He said things like, "Push him harder, Larry! Push him down and kick him!"  Moe really didn't want to get involved and he stayed back.  He didn't help Groucho in any way, but he didn't walk away from the scene or call the police, either. While this was going on, Donald, a customer in the cafe, came out and saw what was happening.  He didn't know Groucho, but he could see that he was being attacked by a much larger man and so Donald decided to try to help Groucho.  He ran over and tried to pull Larry away so that Groucho could run away.  At that point, Curly grabbed Donald, shoved him up against a wall and forcibly held him there so that he couldn't help Groucho. When people driving by saw what was happening, they called 911.  When Curly, Larry and Moe heard the police siren, they started running across the parking lot.  They jumped a fence and continued running through people's backyards.  Moe suddenly realized that his cousin, Bingo, lived just a few houses away.  Moe ran to Bingo's place and started hammering on the back door.  When Bingo answered, Moe said, "Bing, you have to let us in and hide us.  The cops are after us for pounding a guy."  Bingo let all three of them in. For each of the people in the scenario, determine whether they can be charged with anything.  Explain your answers.  Give the sections of the Criminal Code that apply.
The basic premise of the Davis-Moore thesis is that the unequal distribution of rewards in social stratification:
Which best describes how ATP synthase makes ATP in the thylakoid membrane?
Which test tube shows a positive Benedict's test?
In the blank below, give the definition of the following term:  Tentaculum.
What antibiotic is not likely to cause clostridial enteritis in hamsters?
Which of the following is a TRUE depiction regarding the steps involved in reading?
Potential employers will look at many items when considering applicants, including online profiles and social networks: therefore, it is important that
Which of  the following would be an appropriate effect size statistic for this test? And how would you obtain that statistic?
A researcher collected data to compare the difference in mean number of headaches per month between women who were taking oral contraceptive pills and those who were not taking oral contraceptive pills. When she examined her data, she realized that they did not meet the assumptions of normality of homogeneity of variances. What statistical test would be most appropriate to use?
Many people with long-term goals, such as becoming a doctor, eventually abandon their long-term goal pursuit. The essential motivational problem with long-term goals is that they:
The binding of carbon dioxide to hemoglobin causes a structural change in the shape of hemoglobin molecule causing it to release oxygen more easily. This is known as:
Population Growth and Dynamics  Use Figure 1 to state the main result (i.e. describe the pattern) with the given values in the question below: Question 2. A population with 300 individuals (in 100 mile2)
You have a lead brick (.04m x .075m x .15m).  Its density is 11,600kg/m3.  How much does it weigh in Newtons?
How many hemispheres does the cerebellum have?
The home care nurse administers  1/2  cup of orange juice to a patient with diabetes who is experiencing symptoms of a mild hypoglycemic episode.  The patient's clinical manifestations have not changed 15 minutes later.  What is the best next action?
Describe two commercial rolls played by fungi.  (Answer in complete sentences)
Which is the best description of a frequency distribution?
Menopause has not been proven to increase depression.
Which one is the metabolite for the serotonin?
