AFDELING A:  TRANSAKSIONELE TEKS     Beantwoord een vraag uit hierdie afdeling en skryf 'n lang transaksionele teks van 140 -160 woorde:     VRAAG 1     1.1   DIALOOG    (20)         Jou maat is heeltyd op haar selfoon en dit irriteer jou. Jy het hom / haar vir koffie genooi sodat jy haar kan vertel watter nadele skermtyd vir tieners inhou. Sy hou nie van wat jy vir haar se nie en julle raak in 'n woordewisseling betrokke. Skryf die dialoog tussen julle twee neer. NB: Onthou in watter formaat 'n dialoog geskryf moet word.             OF/OR         1.2   VRIENDSKAPLIKE BRIEF   (20)         Skryf 'n brief aan jou beste vriend/in waarin jy vertel van 'n slegte ervaring wat jy gehad het. Gebruik die volgende woorde in jou brief: As ek tog maar eerder net my mond gehou het.             OF/OR         1.3   KOERANTBERIG   (20)         Gebruik die volgende opskrif en skryf 'n koerantberig daaroor in die regte formaat: Hond red kind se lewe.                            TOTAAL VAN AFDELING A   [20]
B) El condicional.  What would you do in the following situations?  If you need to write an accent, copy and paste from here: a, e, i, o, u, n, !, ?, A, E,I, O, U Answer the questions in complete sentences in Spanish using the conditional tense. Write at least two sentences to answer each question. (3 points each/  -1 pt for each error)
When teaching the parents of a child with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), which statement by the parents would indicate the need for further teaching?
For skating, what year did popularity for the skateboard pick up and become a huge hit?
A ________ is a collaborative process in which members debate a bill and offer amendments during the committee session.
What is the difference between glucose and galactose?  What is the difference between a glucose and b glucose?  Why is this difference in glucose important?  Which polymer(s) are composed of alpha glucose?  Which polymer(s) are composed of beta glucose?  Does the type of glucose affect the shape of the polymer?  If so, how and why is this important? [4 pts]
TRUE OR FALSE: Addendum is a formal change or clarification issued by the owner or architect during the bidding process.
Which of the following immunoglobulin classes is associated with a secretory component (meaning it is secreted in saliva, tears, and other secretions)
Image #3  Foot Fuji S-Value: 175 Range: 75-200 (no adjustment needed) Under 75 Over-exposed (- Technique)  Over 200 Under-exposed (+ Technique)  To make image optimal I will:    Move lead anatomical marker within the light field Position lower leg parallel with IR (superimpose talar domes) Increase flexion of foot Decrease technique
John D. Rockefeller made his fortune in the steel business.
Student can legally sign verbal orders
One of your patients approaches you prior to a prenatal exercise class with a new diagnosis.  Which of the following diagnosis is not an absolute contraindication to her participation in the class?
Import tariffs
1.1.4   Rhythm   (1)
The nurse is caring for a family after the death of a full-term baby. What should the nurse do first?
Which instrument would be used during a dacryocystorhinostomy?
A specimen from a patient suffering diarrhea shows a one-celled organism in the microscope.  The organism moves very slowly by protruding its cytoplasm.  You would predict that the patient has an infection caused by ______.
Editing a Block file and then inserting a new Block from that file can _________ a previously inserted Block of the same filename.
Which of the following statements does NOT apply to the trigeminal nerve?
Identify the nerve highlighted in YELLOW.
