Callahan Auto, a manufacturing company, has two service (i.e., support) departments and two production (i.e., operating) departments.  The service/support departments are Maintenance and Grounds.  The two production departments are Fabricating and Assembly.  Callahan management has decided to allocate Maintenance costs on the basis of machine hours used by the departments and Grounds costs on the basis of square feet occupied by the departments.  The following data appear in the company's records.     Support Dept. Support Dept. Prod. Dept. Prod. Dept.    Maintenance Dept. Grounds Dept. Fabricating Assembly   Budgeted indirect costs $18,000 $14,000 $45,000 $25,000   Machine hours used 0 2,000 12,000 6,000   Square feet occupied 2,800 0 16,000 21,200      If Callahan uses the reciprocal method to allocate support department costs, what would be the Fabricating department's total indirect costs after both the Maintenance and the Grounds departments' costs have been allocated to the production departments?  Round percentages to two decimal places (e.g., 15.445% would be 15.45% or .1545) and round dollar amounts to the nearest whole dollar (e.g., $30,145))
BONUS - 15 points The amount of ascorbic acid (FM 176.12) in a sample can be determined by iodometric titration. A 10.00-mL aliquot of a solution with an unknown ascorbic acid concentration was first pipetted into an Erlenmeyer flask, along with 5 mL of 5% KI solution and 1.5 mL of 6 M H2SO4. The mixture was then titrated rapidly with 1.897 mM KIO3 solution while swirling the flask between additions, until the yellow color of the  complex almost persisted. Then four drops of starch indicator were added and the titration continued until the blue color of the starch-iodine complex persisted. The total amount of KIO3 solution used was 38.72 mL.  Report the ascorbic acid concentration in mg ascorbic acid/100 mL solution. IO3- + 8I- + 6H+  3I3- + 3H2O Ascorbic acid + I3- + H2O  dehydroascorbate + 3I- + 2H+
What is the priority nursing consideration in changing burn dressings or debridement?
Reference Slide:  Higher power      Identify the STRUCTURES indicated by the arrow.
An airplane is flying with constant speed of 300 m/s along a horizontal circle with a radius of 15,000 m. If the lift force of the air on the wings is perpendicular to the wings, at what angle relative to the horizontal should the wings be banked?
Calculate DSdegrxn for the following reaction.  The Sdeg for each species is shown below the reaction.                         C2H2(g) + H2(g) - C2H4(g)  Sdeg(J/mol[?]K)      200.9      130.7      219.3
Please match the type of law enforcement agency to its level of enforcement activity.
A child's achievement seems more influenced by _____ in the United States than in other nations.
The most common sleep disorder is:
Choose ONE of the questions below to answer; please write a substantial response (possibly multiple paragraphs) with complete sentences and examples as necessary that answers the entire written prompt.     Jains practice a rigorous ascetic lifestyle in order to avoid harming any living thing, and they strive for a total nonattachment, even to deities. How do/should these beliefs impact one's ability to live and work productively in the world? OR Describe the Four Noble Truths and the Three Marks of Existence and how they help someone understand the nature of suffering in this world. How do you see these teachings constructively helping a person to achieve liberation from suffering in life? Give a concrete example (such as how the Four Noble Truths might help someone deal with job loss or a serious illness).
Which of the following laws requires that all patients who present themselves for treatment at a hospital must be screened and evaluated, provided necessary stabilizing treatment, and admitted when necessary, regardless of the ability to pay?
El Nino results due to an interruption of flow of the ____ Current in the Pacific.
Lipogenesis occurs when ________.
Who was responsible for opening the West to cattle ranching?
What Gothic Cathedral was highlighted in class by observing its stained glass windows?
The bones on the medial and lateral aspects of the ankle that are typically known as "ankle bones" are called
Place the following in order of increasing (smallest to largest) radius.    Sr2+ Se2- Br-
A 38 week-pregnant woman presents with a mild sore throat and nasal congestion. Her temperature is 99.8 degrees F. Appropriate relief measures would include:
5.1   What is the Name of the Cartoon Character? Wat is die naam van die tekenprentkarakter?   (1)
This institution was traditionally seen as the guarantor of Turkey's state ideology, until very recent times
