Which pope was in charge of the campaign to beautify Rome in the early 1600s and commissioned monumental works of art that rivaled the Renaissance?
What was the plan of government created in 1789 by a revolutionary new French legislative body? It is in some ways similar to important documents of a revolution that had occurred in the western hemisphere less than twenty years earlier.
Identifying the main steps of a task and how it is performed to see if the elder needs additional tools or skills to perform the task to reduce energy expenditure is known as....
Opponents to globalization believe that when U.S. companies outsource service activities, such as call centers, to a lower-cost foreign supplier, it results in
Which of the following pairs of aqueous solutions will form a precipitate when mixed? (use solubility rules)
The audio file below is often heard while walking through the Santa Fe College Teaching Zoo, and is a favorite of mine.  This loud singing of the gibbons can be considered what type of communication?
Angel decides to teach one of her patients about relaxation techniques. Which of the following would be an appropriate goal?
What government boy was established in 1970 to "protect human health and the environment?"
Both exogenous and endogenous pyrogens promote rise in temperature (fever) to fight infection. The exogenous pyrogens promote interferon activity and elevate metabolic rate to accelerate tissue repair. Which of the following are exogenous pyrogens.(exo- means from outside)
Select the artists who create installations or create site-specific artworks.
Which of the following statements is accurate regarding the effects of television on children?
Identify the term that describes simultaneously the end of a chord progression as well as the conclusion of a musical phrase.
Municipal debt ratings:
A 79-year-old woman sees her physician with complaints of muscle weakness, lethargy, dry skin, constipation, and depression. The most accurate preliminary hypothesis is that:
The "c" sound like an "s" in which of the following terms?
Read the poem (used for all poetry questions) and answer the question that follows. My mistress' eyes are nothing like the sun (Sonnet 130) By: William Shakespeare 1 My mistress' eyes are nothing like the sun; 2 Coral is far more red than her lips' red; 3 If snow be white, why then her breasts are dun; 4 If hairs be wires, black wires grow on her head. 5 I have seen roses damasked, red and white, 6 But no such roses see I in her cheeks; 7 And in some perfumes is there more delight 8 Than in the breath that from my mistress reeks. 9 I love to hear her speak, yet well I know 10 That music hath a far more pleasing sound; 11 I grant I never saw a goddess go; 12 My mistress when she walks treads on the ground. 13     And yet, by heaven, I think my love as rare 14     As any she belied with false compare.   Which line contains a metaphor?
Revise the following sentence to eliminate informal language, jargon, euphemisms, slang, cliches, inappropriate connotations, bias, redundancy, wordiness, or vague language.      The truck was large in size and destroyed the small Volkswagen and made it undrivable.
Article: The Antimicrobial Scrub Contamination and Transmission (ASCOT) Trial: A Three-Arm, Blinded, Randomized Controlled Trial With Crossover Design to Determine the Efficacy of Antimicrobial-Impregnated Scrubs in Preventing Healthcare Provider Contamination, Deverick J. Anderson et al., Infection Control & Hospital Epidemiology, doi: 10.1017/ice.2017.181, published 29 August 2017. Clothing worn by healthcare providers can become contaminated with bacteria, however having nurses wear scrubs with antimicrobial properties did not prevent this bacterial contamination from occurring, according to a study published online in Infection Control & Hospital Epidemiology, the journal of the Society for Healthcare Epidemiology of America. As part of the Antimicrobial Scrub Contamination and Transmission (ASCOT) Trial, researchers from Duke University Hospital, followed 40 nurses who wore three different types of scrubs over three consecutive 12-hour shifts, taking a series of cultures from each nurses' clothing, patients, and the environment before and after each shift. "Healthcare providers must understand that they can become contaminated by their patients and the environment near patients," said Deverick J. Anderson, MD, MPH, Director of the Center for Antimicrobial Stewardship and Infection Prevention at Duke University Medical Center and lead author of the study. "Although not effective, we looked to eliminate this risk for contamination by changing the material of nurses' scrubs." In a random rotation, each nurse wore traditional cotton-polyester scrubs, scrubs that contained silver-alloy embedded in its fibers, or another type of scrub treated with a combination of antibacterial materials. The nurses did not know which scrubs they were wearing.    The researchers analyzed 2,919 cultures from bed rails, beds, and supply carts in each room and 2,185 cultures from the sleeve, abdomen and pocket of nurses' scrubs. No differences in contamination were found based on the type of scrubs worn.  Researchers identified new contamination during 33 percent, or 39 of 120 shifts. Scrubs became newly contaminated with bacteria during 16 percent, or 19 out of 120, shifts studied, including three cases of contamination of nurses' scrubs while caring for patients on contact precautions where patients were known to be infected with drug-resistant bacteria and personnel entering the room were required to put on gloves and gowns. The mostly commonly transmitted pathogen was Staphylococcus aureus including MRSA and methicillin susceptible S. aureus. The nurses in the study worked in medical and surgical intensive care units, caring for one to two patients per shift. "There is no such thing as a sterile environment," said Anderson. "Bacteria and pathogens will always be in the environment. Hospitals need to create and use protocols for improved cleaning of the healthcare environment, and patients and family members should feel empowered to ask healthcare providers if they are doing everything they can to keep their loved one from being exposed to bacteria in the environment." The authors note that the scrubs were likely ineffective at reducing pathogens because of the low-level disinfectant capabilities of the textiles, coupled with repeated exposure in a short time frame. They suggest antimicrobial-impregnated textiles might be effective if used in bed linens and patient gowns, given the prolonged exposure to patients. Given the findings, the authors recommend diligent hand hygiene following all patient room entries and exits and, when appropriate, use of gowns and gloves- even if no direct patient care is performed to reduce the risk of clothing contamination of healthcare providers. Briefly but completely answer the questions below (2 points each) 1. Was this an experimental or non-experimental study? Explain how you know. 2. What research design did the researchers use? Explain how you know. 3. How many subjects were included in the study? 4. Summarize the findings of this study in 1 sentence. 5. What are the limitations of this study?   EXTRA POINT: 6. Based upon this study, which type of scrubs would you choose to wear?
Starting with a proB cell (earliest cell committed to B-cell lineage), place the subsequent stages of B-cell development in the correct chronological order. 1) cell divisions 2) maturation in periphery 3) negative selection 4) re-arrangement of heavy chain 5) re-arrangement of light chain
The Middle Ages The word "Reformation" denotes ___________________.
