What was Moses ben Maimon famous for?
When identifying useful drugs, you want the drug to bind as tightly as possible to the target.
Date of Admission: 1/6/XX History of Present Illness:  The patient has been complaining of left wrist pain for approximately 1 year.  She has been receiving physical therapy for 6 months and it does not appear to be helping.  She is a secretary and performs repetitive computer work.  She has been wearing bilateral wrist supports which have helped to some extent. Past Medical History: The patient has a history of a T & A as a child; hysterectomy 2 years ago; history of Type 1 diabetes mellitus and hypertension.  Medications:  Patient takes Humulin (insulin) 70/30 and Zestril for blood pressure control Plan:  Ambulatory Surgery for carpal tunnel syndrome Operative Report:  Date: 1/6/XX Preoperative Diagnosis:  Carpal Tunnel syndrome left wrist Postoperative Diagnosis:  Carpal Tunnel syndrome left wrist Operation:  Decompression of the median nerve left wrist Surgeon:  E. Mulcahey, MD  EBL:  Less than 500 cc Procedure:  Under Bier block anesthesia, preparation was done with Betadine scrub, Betadine solution and sterile draping was done.  Curvilinear incision was made based on the lunar side of the longitudinal wrist crease and carried up to the proximal flexor wrist crease.  This was carried through subcutaneous tissue.  Range retractors were inserted.  The median nerve was visualized at the proximal edge of the transverse carpal ligament.  The nerve was protected and using curved dissecting scissors, the transverse carpal ligament was sectioned under direct visualization.  The nerve was quite compressed.  After the ligament has been sectioned, the wound was closed with interrupted 5-0 nylon sutures and sterile dressings were applied.  The patient tolerated the procedure well and circulation to the extremity was intact at the completion of the procedure.
Following a gastrectomy, there is a high risk for dumping syndrome. Which of the following is/are characteristics of LATE dumping syndrome?
The 4 Noble Truths are such that a person can only understand them in order. The Second Noble Truth is:
Question 18: (2,-1) and (4,-7) a) Find the Slope of the line which goes through these points. Express as a simplified fraction, if necessary.   b) Find the Distance between the two points. Express in simplest radical form (no decimals!).   c) Find the Midpoint of the line segment connecting the two points. Express as simplified fractions, if necessary.
In assessing a male patient's breathing, what is your first question?
A 12 year old has just been diagnosed with Type1 Diabetes. As Nurse Scovia is teaching the child about insulin injections, he asks why he can't take the diabetes pills his aunt takes. What would be the appropriate response by Scovia?
Hallux valgus is the term used to describe a medial or varus deformity of the great toe
_______ explains that grace does not liberate a person to sin, but that it actually produces righteousness in one's life.
Describe the other change that took place in the disk, during this time.
Solve the equation giving the exact answer. Reduce all fractions and simplify all radicals.
The photon tissue interaction in diagnostic radiography that results in the total absorption of an x-ray photon and the production of contrast in the radiographic image is:
Merchandise is sold for cash. The selling price of the merchandise is $6,000 and the sale is subject to a 7% state sales tax. The journal entry to record the sale would include a credit to:
Weber believed that __________.
9c. Answer True/False for the following about token economies:  Tokens should be exchanged immediately for backup reinforcers for a token system to be effective
By 1884, the right to vote had been extended to MOST _________ in Germany, France, and Britain.
Which principle expresses the idea that the demands placed on a body system must be increased systematically and progressively over time to cause physiological adaptation?
Which is a principle of Habit 5?
The British offered emancipation to slaves, except for those owned by Loyalists, if they escaped and joined the British side.
