this image shows a ______________ section of a human head
Marginal Revenue is
The type of chemical bond linking amino acids together is a(n)
What is the 802.11 2.4-GHz band channel width?
David slew a giant named
Which is true of the USMCA?
A pregnant patient in her first trimester complains of increased vaginal discharge at a routine appointment.  Which of the following would be the most appropriate nursing intervention?
Why is the consultant parenting style the most effective in producing people who can get along with others and be productive as adults?
1Doe 1 2John Doe Teacher 1113 U December 25, 2018 3My family             4I have recently studied family structure and dynamics in my sociology class, and I have come to realize how vital families are. 5My instructor pointed out that our culture tells us that we do not need to be a part of a family, we can make it on our own. 6Granted, someone might find themselves in that situation through no fault of their own, such as through death or family arguments. 7This essay will discuss my family who loves me, defends me, and shows me daily how to be a better person.             8First, my familys love for me is unconditional. 9Sure, we fight sometimes, and their are many times I would sell my little brother for something as simple as a video game. 10In my calmer moments though I am reminded that my parents and even my annoying kid brother love me unconditionally. 11For example, there was the time I accidentally locked us all out of the house midnight during thunderstorm. 12Yes, they were all furious with my stupidity, but after everyone got inside calmed down and changed into dry clothes, we were able to laugh about the situation. 13An article referenced in my sociology book discusses the importance of familial love. 14"An unconditionally loving family provides a safety net that is absolutely vital to one's emotional growth" (Bryant, par. 10). 15Because my family love me, I feel more secure and confident as I begin the path to adulthood.            16Also, my family will always stand up for me. 17I am far from perfect I make mistakes daily. 18They are usually the first ones to point out the mistake, but if anyone else criticizes me too harshly, they are the first to come to my defense. 19I recall one time when I was playing Little League baseball. 20I was only 6 years old, and I wasn't very good at it. 21The game was close and it was my turn to bat. 22Needed to hit a home run and win the game, but I struck out. 23An angry parent sitting in the stands near my father yelled something ugly at me. 24I think that is the closest my dad has ever come to being arrested. 25He almost punched the other parent, but my mom held him back. 26Even if he did not actually hit the other parent, I could hear him defending me quite loudly. 27A sociology article says this about a child's sense of family: "If a child knows that his/her parents will always have his/her back, then that child will grow to feel more confident as an adult" (Simmons, pg. 45). 28Seeing my dad defend me taught me a lesson about how you should be a parent.             29Finally, my family is a constant example of how to be a better person. 30I was not very compassionate growing up, and I remember saying something mean about a homeless person one day while in the car with my mom. 31She did not yell at me, but she sternly told me that many homeless men and women suffer from mental illness, have no family to help them, and have simply fallen on hard times. 32She drove me straight to the dollar store that day, and together we bought snacks and basic toiletries. 33Then, we put them in Ziploc bags in our car. 34Each time we encountered a homeless individual she made me give him/her a bag. 35Seeing how grateful these people were for such simple, inexpensive items that I took for granted really changes my perspective. 36I now have much more compassion for those who are not as fortunate as I am, and as a result I am a better person. 37I have even begun a campaign to get people to keep their animals fenced. 38Another reference by Mark Wilson in my sociology book says this: "A strong family teaches a child how to create a strong family when it is his/her turn, and our society desperately needs the institution of family" (qtd. in "Sociological Influences" 42). 39I am a better person because of my family, and I am thankful for their influence on me.             40My family mean the world to me even though there are times they get on my nerves. 41Without their influence for good in my life, their strong defense of me, or their unconditional love in spite of my many mistakes, I would not be the person I am. 42Today, I am more confident, compassionate, and loving to others because of them. 43Hopefully, I will have my own family one day and can instill these same traits in my children as have been taught to me. 44Work Cited 45Bryant, Andrew. "How To Love a Child." Parenting, vol. 9, no. 4,              2011. EBSCO, ebsco/MCC/parenting.web.45287. 46Simmons, Phillip. "How To Learn Sociology." Introduction to Sociology, vol. 16, no. 1, 2017, pp. 41-              52. EBSCO, ebsco/sociology/socialscience.4512. 47"Sociological Influences." "Child-Rearing in the 21st Century," vol. 19, no. 5,           2016, pp. 36-42.EBSCO, ebsco/familydynamics.48541.DOI.
How will you make sure that the Right Person is given/takes the medication you are preparing?
Which of the following movements does not increase or decrease the angle between bones?
When money is used to acquire goods and services, it is functioning as a
________ occurs when two species undergo reciprocal evolutionary change through natural selection.
Begin by graphing the standard function f(x) = x3 Then use transformations of this graph to graph the given function.g(x) = x3 + 2
What is the following muscle labeled "5"?
The nurse is caring for a post-operative client two days after a mastectomy for cancer. Which client care activity should the nurse delegate to a UAP?
Where is the RBC Graveyard?
Pure antibody preparations specific for a single antigenic determinant are called ________ antibodies.
You are presented with a dog that is weak in his right pelvic limb. During your examination you observe a hyperreflexic patellar reflex and increased muscle tone in the right pelvic limb. All other parts of the exam (cranial nerves, thoracic limb, etc.) are normal.  Where is this dog's lesion?
WORKOUT PROBLEM starts here: (Nothing to submit here, just read the problem. Some of the homework format/layout is already provided)    Two blocks connected by a rope passing over an ideal pulley rest on frictionless ramps. Ignore air resistance. Block 1 has a mass of 100 kg and block 2 has a mass of 50.0 kg. The angles are th = 30.0deg and a = 53.1deg. The system is released from rest.    Given: Connected blocks on frictionless ramps.Find:  draw a FBD clearly and neatly for each block 1 draw a FBD clearly and neatly for each block 2 determine the accelerations of the blocks  state which way the blocks move (You must have supporting rational for this answer. No credit will be given for statements such as "Block # moves down the ramp" without a justification) find the tension in the rope  Figure:
