Examine the diagram of the flower shown below.    A. Which structure produces pollen? B. Would this flower be considered monoecious or dioecious? Explain
If we are testing whether eating gummy bears affects weight, what is the independent variable?
Which of the following is not a risk factor for ACL injury?
What two people groups in northern Syria and Anatolia struggled in an "ever shifting stalemate?"
A nurse is assessing several patients. Which assessment findings will cause the nurse to follow up? (Select all that apply.)
A 0.50-kg toy is attached to the end of a 1.0-m very light string.  The toy is whirled in a horizontal circular path on a frictionless tabletop.  If the maximum tension that the string can withstand without breaking is 350 N.  What is the maximum speed the mass can have without breaking the string?
What is the tissue layer indicated by letter B (hint: it is a type of meristem)? What is the tissue area indicated by the letter C? Is this stem of a monocot or dicot?
Please select the ONLY one correct answer from the four options in the following questions. Given: for (i = 1; i < j; ++i) { loop body } where i is associated with $s0, j is associated with $s1. Complete the indicated instruction: Loop:   slt   $t3, $s0, $s1             _________ $t3, $zero, Exit             # Loop body             j Loop Exit:
Which of the following labels best matches osteocyte?
We know that blood pressure decreases as you move through the vascular system.  If MAP were to decline, does this mean that hydrostatic pressure in the capillaries would also be lowered...and promote LESS filtration?   Yes
The head of the femur sets in the:
For any particular status, __________ refers to how a person actually behaves within his or her role.
In chest tube drainage systems, the water seal chamber  prevents air from re-entering the pleural space air escapes during expiration(with spontaneous breathing) and bubbles through the water the tube is inserted into 20 cm of water the tube is inserted into 2 cm of water
If 84% of the alleles in a population are dominant, which of the following are also true?
Case/Scenario 2: NEW SCENARIO Standards        Grade level: 6-8Subject area: world historyStandard: Understands how major religious and large-scale empires arose in the Mediterranean basin, China, and India from 500 B.C. to A.D. 300.Benchmarks: Understands the significant individuals and achievements of Roman society (e.g., the accomplishments of famous Roman citizens [Cincinnatus, the Gracchi, Cicero, Constantine, Nero, Marcus Auraleus] and the major legal, artistic, architectural, technological, and literary achievements of the Roman Republic).     Objectives              1.   TSW accurately compare and contrast the current American system of government at the national level and the system of government in Rome from about 510 to 264 B.C. using a graphic organizer.     2.   Using a timeline, TSW identify several forms of government Ancient Rome experienced with 90% accuracy.           Materials        For this lesson, you will need:     *   History and government textbooks     *   Encyclopedias           Procedures            1.   Because the terms republic and democracy have multiple meanings (some overlapping, some diametrically opposed), this lesson avoids both words and simply suggests that you ask students to write reports in which they compare and contrast the Roman system of government during the period 510-264 B.C. with the system of government currently in practice at the national level in the United States.     2.   Provide context for students by explaining that in the years leading up to the period they are studying (that is, in the years leading up to 510 B.C.), the entity known to us as Rome was ruled by kings. Students' assignment is to find out what system replaced the kings (and why) and how that system is similar to and different from the way the United States is governed today on the federal level.     3.   Direct students to do research and take notes to help them define and otherwise explain the following terms related to the form of government in place in Rome during the period under examination:  Citizen Plebeian Patrician Praetors (later called consuls) Senate Slave      4.   Suggest that as students gain an understanding of each of the preceding terms regarding Rome, they prepare notes (from research if necessary) about whether there is a similar or different element present in the U.S. system today.     5.   Once students have their two sets of notes ready, they will be ready to write a compare/contrast piece of writing. The teacher will teach or review the two options the students have for organizing their comparison-contrast piece of writing:  The block method, in which the writer gives all the information about one item (one form of government) and then all the information about the other item (the other form of government)   The alternating method, in which the writer focuses on one feature--say, the definition of who is a citizen--of each subject before going on to focus on another feature--say, the upper classes      6.   Remind students to follow the writing process--prewriting, drafting, revising, and editing. Consider inserting an opportunity for peer editing after the drafting stage.           Discussion Questions for the lesson:            1.    Consider Napoleon's remark that "the story of Rome is the story of the world." What do you think he meant by this? How is it that the "western world grew up in Rome's shadow?"     2.    Some might maintain that Rome's ability to grow its empire began with its talent in planning its city. Discuss how features of the early city of Rome (such as the Forum, the Colosseum, and the aqueducts) served as symbols of the values espoused by the empire's founding fathers.     3.    The historian Livy believed that Rome could somehow alter its destiny of decadence and morbidity if its people could remember (and live by) the values that spawned the empire. Do you think such a redirection of a people is possible through this kind of education?     4.    Explain how the Etruscans were like parents to the Romans--and, in turn, how the Romans were like revolting children.     5.    In order to fully understand the magnitude of the Roman Empire, look at a current map of Europe and the neighboring regions of North Africa and the Middle East. Into how many countries is the former empire now divided? How many different currencies are now used? Discuss the challenges this great empire faced in organizing, growing, and protecting itself.     6.    How did early Romans use the information gathered in the census to begin their republic? In what ways has our democracy evolved from these beginnings? In what ways has it deviated?           Assessment       The teacher will evaluate students' comparison-contrast essays using the following three-point rubric: Three points: clear comparison-contrast organization with more than minimal number of features covered; coherent and unified paragraphs; error-free grammar, usage, and mechanicsTwo points: jumbled comparison-contrast organization with minimal number of features covered; coherent and unified paragraphs; some errors in grammar, usage, and mechanicsOne point: no discernible organization and inadequate coverage of features; paragraphs lacking coherence and unity; many errors in grammar, usage, and mechanics         The students have to define and explain various terms about Rome/Roman government. Other than comparing the terms to modern U.S. government, how could the teacher improve this activity to support the building of a better understanding of the new vocabulary words? (Do not say compare to another country - they have no context for that) (3 points) WHY? Justify your answer. Think about strategies you have examined that help with building vocabulary and understanding such as processing activities.
True/False: Resistance training is indicated for those who have had stent placement and for those who have had coronary artery bypass surgery. Although those with stent placement may begin resistance training sooner post-surgery, they have the same suggested set, repetition, and intensity ranges than those with coronary artery bypass surgery.
Which of following arguments was mentioned in the article?
Cardiac arrhythmias are often associated with an imbalance in:
Broche Technologies, a brand of electronic appliances, develops a new range of refrigerators that do not release chlorofluorocarbons. The company promotes these products as the most eco-friendly refrigerators in the market. In this scenario, Broche Technologies is engaging in _____.
A cell is infected with a virus carrying an oncogene sequence in its genome. What process may occur if the oncogene is expressed in the infected cell?
