Case study #6 Clostridium botulinum is the causative agent of botulism. This Gram-positive, anaerobic bacillus is commonly found on plants, in soil and water, and in the intestinal tract of some animals. The main virulence factor of C. botulinum is botulism toxin, which is a protein neurotoxin that causes muscle paralysis. Death results from paralysis of respiratory muscles. Genetic analysis has led to the understanding that C. botulinum has acquired its toxin genes from lysogenic bacteriophages. Adults who ingest C. botulinum spores alone generally do not become ill. However, adult botulism will result after ingestion of food containing botulinum toxin. Boiling and common chemical treatments used for water denatures botulism toxin. Infantile botulism, rather, results after children under the age of one ingest foods, such as honey, which contains C. botulinum spores but no botulinum toxin. Once inside the infant gut, these spores germinate and botulism toxin is produced after colonization. Treatment for botulism requires injections of botulinum antitoxin, pre-made antibodies that are administered to the patient as quickly as possible.   Choose all that apply: Treatment for botulism
Highlighting one's best qualities, downplaying deficits, & calling attention to achievements is:
An 800 kg railroad car coasting to the right at 4.0 m/s strikes a 900 kg car coasting to the left at 3.0 m/s. The railroad cars stick together. What is the speed and direction of the cars after the collision?
Non-gonococcal urethitis is caused by _____.
Identify the phase of the uterine cycle labeled in this figure.
An antibody is described as any molecule that stimulates an adaptive immune response.
Abstractions or generalizations often present difficulty for a person who has experienced a TBI.
The non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ("non nukes") class of ARV drugs inhibits HIV replication cycle by reacting directly with _______.
Using the image below, determine which suspect committed the crime.
Key the initials of the typist in uppercase one line below the writer's name and title.
If f is one-to-one, find an equation for its inverse.f(x) = 5x3 + 6
What best describes the mechanics of air movement into the lungs during inspiration?
Read the description.  Then pick from the following list of words and type it in the blank.        papa   jamon   pollo   bistec     mariscos   manzana   pescado   camarones     pimienta   sal   vinagre   sopa     lechuga   manzana   naranja   uvas     bocadillo   cebolla   hamburguesa   sandwich     Cafe   arroz   Cerveza   te         If the word requires an accent mark and you are unable to type it with the accent mark then please just type it without the accent.   You might be able to cut and paste it.  I have entered both options.  Only type the vocab word, do not type any articles or the system will count it as incorrect. What word am I describing?   Es un liquido que realmente no es para beber.  Es un condimento tipico para las ensaladas.  Creo que es imposible tomar una taza o una copa de este liquido.   Es
All of the following are true of the lining of the stomach except that it
Answer the following question about Case Profile #4. WHY will treatment happen?
The main function of the esophagus is to
A young infant is brought into the pediatric clinic with a history of frequent vomiting after feeding and failure to gain weight. The diagnosis of gastroesophageal reflux (GER) is made. Discharge teaching on feeding techniques should include:
Nose picking /Trauma is the most common cause of ______
A nurse is caring for a client who is receiving total parenteral nutrition via a peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC). When assessing the client, the nurse notes swelling of the client's arm above the PICC insertion site. Which of the following actions should the nurse take first?
The opportunity cost of working is the amount of leisure time that must be given up in order to work.
