Answer one only of the following essays. Map out the argument you intend to pursue, and support your claims therein with specific references to the examples (from lectures and readings) that verify your thesis. Also recall that the quotes below are merely included to suggest themes or issues to you, not to serve as the only thing about which you write.  Option A   "Sufism is generally perceived as spiritually focused and about the development of the self, a perception that many Sufis perpetuate through their self-representation. However, Sufi orders have been historically involved as important civic and political actors within the Muslim world by engaging in inter-faith dialogue, political challenges to religious orthodoxy, and activism. This has important implications for understanding the development of what is often referred to as the 'heart' of Islam. Sufis generally present the perception of Rumi and love poetry.. but at a deeper level Sufi orders, groups and organizations are political, active in inter-faith dialogue, and engage in changing society."                                         --Milad Milani, Sufi Political Thought As our readings and classroom presentations endeavored to show, Sufism holds a vital, yet complex, place in the history and development of Islam. At two levels, the spiritual and the political, one can argue that it violates basic Islamic assumptions, while others may say that it transcends rather than violates. Certainly, at the political level, in the centuries we've studied, it has been vital in preserving Islamic society. With reference to the historical record, how has it done so, all while seeking an otherworldly experience/reality?     Option B   "Our state is the strongest [of states]. For you are trying to cause its collapse from the outside, and we from the inside, but still she stands."                                                                                 --Fu`ad Pasha to a French diplomat, later 1800s After its heyday in the sixteenth century, the Ottoman Empire experienced a variety of tensions that often pulled it in contrary directions. Discuss the interplay of political and economic developments that signaled how the Ottomans had become the "Sick Man of Europe."
What is the order of the following data after 3 iterations (i.e. passes) of an ascending (i.e. least-to-greatest)  insertion sort algorithm? [9, 52, 47, 29, 16, 53, 36, 21]
Which of the following best describes this image?   some hormones act antagonistically
Which is the best acid to prepare the buffer with the lowest pH?
If shoulder girdle retraction is the desired motion, which two muscles are agonists in this motion?
Lexington and Concord resulted in higher taxes on the colonies.
Which of the following is NOT an academic writing rule?
In "Common Sense" Thomas Paine:
A box m1 = 16 kg starts with a velocity of 6.0 m/s down a frictionless slope at a height of h = 3.0 m above the base of the slope. At the base of the slope, box m1, now sliding on a frictionless level surface, collides with and sticks to box m2 = 5.0  traveling at 15 m/s towards it.  Find the final velocity of the two boxes.
Piper and Bailey are roommates.  They take turns paying the cable bill, so each pays it every other month.  Bailey paid the cable bill in April.  In May, Piper gets tired of Bailey's constant messiness, so she says "Bailey!  I can't live in squalor anymore.  Would you PLEASE clean up your damn mess!"  Bailey looks up and asks, "What's in it for me?"  Piper says, "If you agree to do your laundry, clean up your dishes, and scrub the bathroom, I'll pay the cable bill for May."  Bailey thinks it over and agrees to the deal.  Which of the following is true?
Which of these does NOT happen as we increase impervious surface cover?
What is the concentration of the base in the titration below if 12 mL of the base was titrated against a 0.25M HCl solution?
A medical term that means throat inflammation is _______________.
How many significant figures would the answer to the following calculation have?3.475 ' 1.97 + 2.4712 is
How many hands, how many trades must a blood diamond (a diamond initially obtained through slavery and murder) pass though to wash it clean of blood?
When stepping down the quadriceps is used on impact to slow the knee flexion.
Identify the following musical form with the correct era of music: Opera Buffa
The interior central dome of San Vitale includes the following mosaic scene:
The shaft of a long bone is called the:
Martin is very stressed over an upcoming exam. Consequently, his adrenal glands will probably produce:
