An oil company distills two types of crude oil, A and B, to produce regular and premium gasoline and jet fuel. There are limits on the daily availability of crude oil and the minimum demand for the final products. If the production is not sufficient to cover demand, the shortage must be made up from outside sources at a penalty. Surplus production will not be sold immediately and will incur storage cost. the following table provides the data of the situation:    Fraction yield per bbl   Crude Regular Premium Jet Price/bbl ($) bbl/day   Crude A .20 .1 .25 30 2500   Crude B .25 .3 .10 40 3000   Demand (bbl/day) 500 700 400       Revenue ($/bbl) 50 70 120       Storage costs for surplus production ($/bbl) 2 3 4       Penalty for unfilled demand ($/bbl) 10 15 20           Only develop a mathematical model to determine the best product mix for the refinery (do not find the optimal solution).    Perform calculations on your paper and take a photo of your work. Then, save the image as a response to your computer. Upload that file to this exam for credit.  Submission Steps: Browse computer > Choose file > Open
What is the frequency (s-1) of a photon that has an energy of 4.38 x 10-18 J?
Brain death
A flight review is not required if a pilot has completed, within the time specified,
______ are mature bone cells which maintain the matrix.
Select the appropriate vial to use as a quality control for anti FYb antisera.
Which of the following disease can be prevented by vaccination?
Which of the following statements best expresses a firm's profit-maximizing decision rule?
Small motor units are typically recruited first, then larger ones, as needed.
Before Alena puts a client into an experiment in which she is using a new treatment technique, she tells the client about the treatment and what participation in the experiment would involve. Alena is following which ethical guideline?
The following question refers to the pedigree chart in the figure for a family, some of whose members exhibit the dominant trait, W. Affected individuals are indicated by a dark square or circle.  What is the genotype of individual II-5?
One major advantage of hay as a forage is
How many grams of erythromycin will Mr. Kennedy receive in 1 day?
The U.S. Supreme Court does not approve of less than unanimous verdicts.
In a marine food web, there is far more total biomass in algae than in all the killer whales. Why is this so?
The major goal of the AF of L was:
From figure 4, the female 1 in row II that had offspring with a male visually showing the trait. Based on the results of her children, what must her genotype be?
Which one of the following strategies is an important factor in prevention and control of dentinal hypersensitivity?  Without this strategy, treatments for hypersensitivity usually will not be successful.
Instructions: Read. Then decide whether the statements are true for Vacation 1, Vacation 2, or both vacations.    Vacation 1: December 12thDay 1: We arrived in Dar es Salaam and checked into our hotel. We unpacked our suitcases and went swimming.Day 2: We took a boat to the island of Zanzibar.Days 3-5: We just sunbathed on the beach. We also went diving.Day 6: We flew to Arusha. We saw Kilimanjaro. It's the tallest mountain in Africa!Days 7-10: We took a safari tour. On the tour, we saw hundreds of wild animals and took lots of photos.Day 11: We returned to Arusha and bought some souvenirs. We took a plane to Dar es Salaam and then flew home. It was a great trip. Vacation 2: December 18thDay 1: We arrived in Mexico City. In the afternoon, we took the subway to Chapultepec Park and visited the zoo.Day 2: We rented a car and drove to the Pyramid of the Sun. It was amazing!Days 3-5: We flew to Cancun. We spent most of our time at the beach.Day 6: We visited the ruins in Tulum. We also watched a traditional dance show.Day 7: We took a bus tour of the city of Merida. We drank traditional Mexican hot chocolate in the market.Day 8: We returned to Mexico City and flew home. We were tired but happy.       The travelers enjoyed local food and culture.
Perhaps the best way for a manufacturer to find out how his products are selling relative to competitive products is:
