In the phylogeny below, what type of trait are flowers and double fertilization (shown near the bottom center of the image)?
What is diffusion (an important property for encryption algorithms)?
Guernsey cattle:
Name the three portions of the male urethra - they are shown on the image with letters A, B & C:
Match the following terms with the best definition or example from the list. Please, only one answer per line.
If one wants to format the content in the div id="container" section, then #container should be used as a(n) _____.
What color is a tree trunk?
Provide an outline of Writing Workshop in a primary classroom.  Include the following: 1. the Components of Writing Workshop in order 2. approximate time allocated for each component 3. the purpose or goal of each component 4. teacher activities during each component 5. student activities during each component For this question, you may use an outline format that uses headings and bullets or insert a table such as the one below.    Component Time Allocated Purpose or Goal Teacher Activities Student Activities
A point charge Q is placed at the center of a hollow, conducting spherical shell of inner radius a and outer radius b, as shown above. A net charge q is placed on the conducting shell. If the electric potential is assumed to be 0 at infinity, the magnitude of the electric potential at r, where a < r < b is
Explain why a scientific theory can never be proven. If that is true, are scientific theories no better than guesses?
Maas LLP developed software that helps farmers to plow their fields in a manner that prevents erosion and maximizes the effectiveness of irrigation. Sunny Dale paid a licensing fee of $30,000 for a copy of the software. Although Sunny Dale can use the software as long as it wants, Maas expects that Sunny Dale will use the software for approximately 5 years. Maas does not anticipate any further interaction with Sunny Dale following transfer of the license. How much revenue should Maas recognize in the first year of the contract?
When a person goes from a lower altitude to a higher altitude (climbing a mountain., the concentration of oxygen decreases. What effect would be expected to occur in the blood after 48 hours at the higher altitude?
Sid is a Canadian citizen.  He sponsors his spouse, Nancy (a U.K. citizen), for permanent residence.  Nancy is refused because the visa officer is not convinced Nancy is a member of the family class; the visa officer thinks that the marriage was for immigration purposes.  Sid appeals to the Immigration Appeal Division and admits that the marriage was done primarily for immigration purposes.  However, he insists that there are still humanitarian and compassionate reasons why Nancy should still be allowed to come to Canada.  What can the Immigration Appeal Division do?
Language has a rhythm created by the choice and arrangement of words.
25.  Effector/ Efferent neurons are
Implementing Lean Manufacturing / Production methodologies involves more than using Kanbans and "pull" production systems. a. Describe at least two (2) other key concepts of Lean Manufacturing and/or the Toyota Production System and b. Explain why/how these concepts can lead to organizational improvement.
Under the "checks and balances" system of the Constitution of 1787, federal judges
Mike Tyson walks onto Carrie Underwood's property.  Carrie Underwood posted a "No Trespassing" sign on a tree a week prior.  Mike Tyson hits the tree and it falls down.  What tort was committed?  Briefly describe the elements of that tort and how it applies to this fact pattern (4 sentence maximum).
The angiosperm carpel serves to
When the caries process begins, what type of dentin is produced locally in response to it?
