Choose the only answer.
Police may search without a warrant in all of the following situations EXCEPT:
List and briefly describe 4 defenses of the human gastrointestinal tract, and 4 microbial-caused diseases of the human GI tract.
The nurse cares for a primagravia whose membranes spontaneously ruptured. Following this, the fetal heart rate drops to 80 beats per minutes. The nurse palpates a loop of umbilical cord beside the fetal head and pushes the presenting part up from the vagina. Which is the best description of the purpose of this action?
An area of the body that has a high concentration of pain fibers is:
The nurse cares for a client diagnosed with lung cancer.  The nurse notes the client has had significant weight loss in the last two weeks.  The client reports difficulty chewing.  Which would be a priority intervention to include in the client's plan of care?
The receptors are located in the:
EMG biofeedback can be used for which of the following treatment goals
Bonus Question: For up to 10 points answer the following. Be sure to read and follow the instructions carefully.    Choose any one of the ethical theories we have studied: Plato's Virtue Ethics; Aristotle's Virtue Ethics; Kant's Deontology; Mill's Utilitarianism; Classical and Difference Feminism; and tell me which one you like the best. You must describe the theory in detail. This means that you must tell me how the theory works, what are the steps the theory takes in order to determine whether an action is moral or immoral. You must include the following aspects for each philosopher (but not necessarily in the order given, you can address them in any order you want):   Plato-ignorance as wrongdoing, the theory of the forms, myth of the cave, opinion vs. knowledge, the three parts of the soul, and the soul's balance.   Aristotle: Empirical knowledge (the senses), the concept of virtue (Greek), Teleology (purpose), the human purpose, the golden mean (two extremes), and happiness (as related to purpose).       Kant: the good will, the first instantiation of the Categorical Imperative (the steps to use), Universalization, means and ends, and the second instantiation of the Categorical Imperative.   John Stuart Mill: consequentialism, hedonistic calculus, higher and lower pleasures, and the harm principle.   Classical & Difference Feminism: how do the classical and difference feminists account for differences in men and women (how do each account for the difference, what does Simone de Beauvoir say about women, what would Carol Gilligan say, do Beauvoir and Gilligan agree, what is the Heinz dilemma, what does the Heinz dilemma show, what is the ethics of justice and care, clearly distinguish how classical and difference feminism differ from each other.
All the following WWII battles are correctly identified EXCEPT:
Which of the following skills is part of the physical therapist assistant's role?
Complications and Hazards #4 for Arteriotomy
Which type of epithelium lines the nasopharynx? Explain why. Relate structure to function.
Which of the following is true of intervertebral discs?
A denatured protein is one that:
When the insulin level rises too high, the blood glucose level drops, a condition called hypoglycemia. CH 16
A nurse is planning care for a newborn who is small for gestational age (SGA). Which of the following is the priority intervention the nurse should include in the newborn's plan of care?
Which of the following are commonly used to produce ATP during skeletal muscle contraction?
A minute hand on a clock is 6 inches long. Determine how far the tip of the minute hand travels between 10:10 A.M. and 10 :50 A.M. Find the linear speed of the tip. Write  pi/10  if your answer is
The nurse knows that which pathological change in the development of atherosclerosis is reversible?
