The nurse is planning teaching for a client that focuses on Healthy People 2020 objectives for cardiovascular health. Which modifiable risk factors should the nurse include in this teaching? Select all that apply.
The power to declare war is given to whom under the Constitution?
25. ________ is the compass direction of the line produced by the intersection of an inclined rock layer with a horizontal plane.
A vitamin that is destroyed by light is
Thomlinson and Gray conducted many experiments on the oxygen effect of cancer cells. Which of the following statements is not true?
pH 12 is acidic.
Police bring a patient to the ER status post motor vehicle accident.  The patient demonstrates ataxia and slurred speech.  The blood alcohol level is 500 mg/dl.  Considering the  relationship between behavior and blood alcohol level, which conclusion is most probably?
Which of the following statement about hydrogen bonding is TRUE?
Ligaments to hold bones together may be outside the synovial joint.
As the food enters this organ, which sphincter does it pass through?
Chronic illness with frequent hospitalizations can affect the psychosocial development of a school-age child by:
For several months, Reba's BMI has hovered around 18 due to her fear of gaining weight. She uses laxatives after eating a meal. She has become concerned because she has recently stopped menstruating. Which of the following diagnoses would Reba receive?
Geoffroy est au cafe.  La serveuse arrive.SERVEUSE:  Vous desirez, Monsieur?GEOFFROY:  Un croissant, s'il vous plait.SERVEUR:  Et comme boisson?
Part 3: Bonus question; you don't have to answer but if you do and the answer is correct 5 points added to your final score. There are two parts to this question; answer both parts to get full credit.    1. What is the "rule of 70" equation for population doubling time?  Define each factor or variable.   2.  Assume the per capita growth rate for a population is 2%; how many years will pass by the time the population doubles.
ATP is used to power many cellular processes. Some genetic disorders are the result of defects in ATP creation. Which organelle is likely affected in these disorders?
Which term refers to the ability to cause disease?
The sum of the returns in each period divided by the number of periods.
Ferns are an example of a/an
What is the waxy, protective covering on top of letter A called?  _______
Questions 11 to 20 refer to the following case: Miss J is 17 years old. She was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) 5 years ago and has been prescribed insulin as a basal-bolus regimen to help achieve glycaemic control (insulin glargine 18 units once daily at evening time; insulin lispro 1-5 units at meal times according to carbohydrate intake). She has struggled with the perceived stigma of diabetes and objects to having to inject herself on multiple occasions each day. This has made achieving a good level adherence difficult.   For several weeks she has been very sporadic with her insulin self-administration and over the past several days has not used any insulin at all.   Question: Which adverse effect has been highlighted by the MRHA as being associated with sodium glucose linked transporter-2 inhibitors?
