Due to bacteria becoming more resistant to antibiotics and the emergence of 'superbugs', hospitals apply the principles of antimicrobial stewardship to help reduce this problem.  What are the principles of antibiotic stewardship? (2 marks) Briefly describe the types of drug resistance seen in microorganisms (5 marks)  A patient is diagnosed with cellulitis by his GP. Swabs have been taken and the infection is sensitive to:  Erythromycin Co-amoxiclav  C. He is prescribed co-amoxiclav. What factors should be taken into account when choosing an antibiotic for a patient? (3 marks) D. On a clinical examination of a patient what would suggest that the patient had some form of infection? (2 marks)   The patient is admitted to hospital a week later with abdominal pain and nausea. He is mildly jaundiced and his liver biochemistry results are:       ALT   36 IU/L (<= 40)     ALP   372 IU/L (30 - 120 IU/L)     AST   37 IU/L (<= 40)     Total bilirubin   87umol/L (<= 19)     Albumin   38 g/L (34 - 50g/L)       Medication History Acute   Co-amoxiclav 625mg TDS for 7 days  Regular  Amlodipine 5mg OM Perindopril 2mg OM Paracetamol 1g QDS PRN NKDA    E. Based on the presenting complaint and the blood results, what is the most likely diagnosis and potential cause of this? (4 marks) The structures of the components of co-amoxiclav are shown below.    F. Identify the molecular target in bacteria upon which each of these agents acts and discuss why these agents are used in combination. (4 marks)  Please letter each part of your answer
With regard to research on the effects of race and social class on education outcomes, which of the following is true?
Supporting Details: In Spanish, list two points of evidence from the article that help the author support the main ideas/purpose of the text. 1.  2.
How many electrons are involved in a single covalent bond?
Name the two sutures seen here in THE TOP PICTURE first! [a] and [b]
The following is a molecule of ethanol:     Can ethanol mix with water? Explain your answer fully. (Type your answer below)
Based on the following chemical equation: 4 HCN + 5 O2
Which statement is false regarding chronic renal failure and uremic syndrome?
Darla was a live-in private nurse, hired to care for Jack, a mean, tyrannical old man who suffered from a serious heart condition. In fact, Jack was so mean that Darla was the only member of his extensive household staff who interacted with him on a regular basis. Darla grew to dislike Jack intensely. One day, Jack hit the "panic button" beside his bed to sunm1on Darla. This button was only to be used when Jack needed emergency medical attention. Hearing the buzzer, it occurred to Darla that she had forgotten to give Jack his heart medication that morning.Nevertheless, she decided to finish folding the linens before she went to look in on him. About thirty minutes later, when she checked on Jack, she found him dead of a heart attack. Applying common law principles, if Darla is prosecuted for manslaughter in connection with Jack's death, she most likely will be found
The equation below describes which of the following processes?
Portraiture was important to:
Where will you access the course schedule of testing/assignment deadlines and the course grading policies?
What volume of the solution pictured below should be used and combined with water to create 600 mL of a 0.25 M solution?
A saltwater fish tends to be ________ to its surrounding aquatic environment.
The progeny cells of a B-cell clone are called
Which of the following would NOT be included in the Ecdysozoan clade?
What do bacteria use their restriction enzymes for?
Critical thinking: If a chemotherapy drug prevents the mitotic spindle from forming during the M phase of the cell cycle, then what specific phase has been disrupted?
Which is true about viruses?
READ COMPLETELY: Please click on the link below to access the exam questions. A pdf will open in a tab, window, or pdf-reader app (such as Adobe Acrobat Reader). Work out the solutions to the questions on your scratch paper and upload your work to the Canvas assignment "Upload Test #2 pdf of your work" using the Genius Scan and Canvas Student app, as previously discussed, and with Honorlock recording this procedure.  Set the filename for your upload work to be lastname_firstname_Test2.pdf This must be completed by 2:35 p.m., therefore start setting up for your upload no later than 2:25 p.m., which is 10 minutes before the Honorlock exam window closes. Finally, after uploading your work to Canvas, confirm it by clicking on one of the two choices below, and click Submit Quiz to complete the exam. Then, and only then, you are permitted to close Honorlock. Contact Honorlock via live chat if you have any issues with it during the exam. Contact me via Canvas mail (ONLY) during the exam if you need a clarification about an exam question or procedure. There is no guarantee, however, that I will receive your email soon enough, and be able to respond to your question, before the exam window closes, although it is my intent to try to do so. Just continue answering the exam questions as best as possible. Since the exam questions are self-explanatory and the procedures are the same as for the required Practice Exam that you already took, and you have practiced the uploading of your work with the two required apps, there should not really be a need to contact me during the exam. This option is to be used only if there is something very unusual that you detect or experience. It is not for an emergency of any kind, nor for something requiring an emergency response from me. [As always, call 911 if you are having a medical emergency.]  Click on this link to open the exam:  TEST#2 MAP2302_SUMMER_2021.pdf
