What is the strongest monoprotic acid of the following set if all the acids are at 0.100 M concentration?
Ionic compounds have low melting points because ionic bonds are weak.
Find the present value of the following stream of cash flows, assuming that the firm's opportunity cost is 9 percent.    Year Amount   1-5 $10,000/yr.   6-10 $16,00/yr.
You have won a small lottery held by your hometown, and they offer you two options: option 1, in which you can have $10,000 today, or option 2, you can have $5,000 today and $5,100 next year. If the interest rate is 2.5 percent, which option yields the greatest amount? If you chose option 2, what would be the present value of your total winning (round to the nearest dollar)?
An example of an ectothermic organism that has few or no behavioral options when it comes to its ability to adjust its body temperature is a
Evaluate the extent to which Christian missionary efforts motivated European imperial expansion in nineteenth-century Africa. Use at least 5 of the 6 requirements that AP Free Response Section II wants you to use. You only have to use 5 of the 6 on the requirement that usually calls for using 6. Make sure your thesis is an argument that you can use evidence from the documents to prove. Be sure to pull in a piece of historical evidence that is not mentioned in the documents. Show that your conclusion shows that you have used evidence from the documents to pprove your thesis.  For at least 3 of the documents show how they back the thesis. Document 1 Source: Anne Barnard, wife of a senior British colonial official in the Cape Colony, South Africa, letter to Viscount Melville, cabinet secretary for the colonies, 1798. During our travels this morning our object was to see those humble missionaries who, sent by the Moravian Church* about seven years ago, have made great progress in converting the Africans to Christianity. I had heard much about them, and I wanted to see with my own eyes what sort of people the natives are when collected together in large settlements, such as the missions established by the fathers. Up to that point, I had only seen Africans being the servants of [White] farmers, engaged in hard work and humiliating subjection. The fathers came out to meet us in their working jackets, each man being employed in the business of his original profession--miller, smith, carpenter, and tailor. They led us into their house, which was built with their own hands five years ago. They told us that their object was to convert the Africans and make them industrious, religious, and happy. They had spent some time engaged in finding the perfect place to establish their mission: sheltered, with good soil, near water, and already settled by Africans. They procured some Africans to assist them in beginning their work, and by their treatment of them they encouraged more to hang around them. Together they built their church. *a Protestant denomination, originating from the Czech lands of Central Europe Document 2 Source: Radama I, King of Madagascar, letter to the director of the London Missionary Society in England, 1820. In the past, when I entered into a treaty with the British to end the trade of slaves from Madagascar, a missionary, Mr. David Jones, came to my kingdom as part of the British delegation that was sent here to negotiate the treaty. Mr. Jones asked where he could settle in my kingdom. After careful examination of the plan for his mission, I happily agreed. I was satisfied with his explanation that the members of your Society sought nothing other than to enlighten the spirit through conviction and to bring the truth through explanation and through the search for happiness. Therefore, I request from you gentlemen that you send to us as many missionaries from your Society as you are able to. They may be accompanied by their wives and children if they wish. Until then, while you are making this possible, please send British workmen with craft skills. Document 3 Source: Samuel Ajayi Crowther, Nigerian former slave who became a member of the English Church Missionary Society (CMS), letter to CMS leader Henry Venn, describing a missionary expedition to West Africa, 1854. You will, I doubt not, be glad to hear that we have returned from our voyage on the Niger River in good health and spirits. The reception we met with all along, from the kings and chiefs of the countries we visited, was beyond expectation. In many places, having found this favorable state of things, I took the step of securing a parcel of ground from the rulers on which to build future mission stations. I believe the time has come when Christianity must be introduced on the banks of the Niger. The people are willing to receive any missionaries who may be sent to them. And God has provided instruments to begin this work, namely the liberated Africans in the colony of Sierra Leone,* most of whom, myself included, are natives of the banks of the Niger. It takes great effect when those liberated Christians from Sierra Leone sit down with their heathen countrymen and speak with contempt of their own former superstitious practices, all of which the missionary now can tell them he has found to be based on foolishness and ignorance. Let such persons be employed as missionaries or Christian settlers, and they will gradually introduce their children into the country, who in the course of time will be able to carry on the work more effectively. *Sierra Leone, in West Africa, was a colonial territory established by Great Britain to resettle former African slaves liberated by the Royal Navy after 1807, when the slave trade was abolished in Britain. Document 4 Source: Gwayi Tyamzashe, African convert to Christianity, minister and missionary for the Scottish United Free Church, "Life at the Diamond Fields," article in a newspaper published by the Lovedale Missionary Institute, South Africa, 1874. When I first arrived at the Kimberly mine* two years ago, I observed that nearly every evening was devoted to private and public amusements, insomuch that there seemed no room for preaching the Gospel. The life of both colored and whites was so rough that I thought this place was only good for those who were resolved to sell their souls for silver, gold, and precious stones. But in only two years there has been a wonderful change in the moral condition of the diamond fields. The invincible power of the Gospel has made itself felt in the hearts of many, so that now there are two opposite forces acting against each other whereas before there was only one--namely the evil influence of worldly temptation--seemed to be the ruling power here. Now, instead of the bustle and confusion of the early years, we have that quietude and security of life and property that is characteristic of proper legislation and good government, and in which the great work we had come here to do may finally start to bear fruit. *a major diamond deposit in South Africa, discovered in the late 1860s Document 5 Source: "The White Fathers of Cardinal Lavigerie,"* page in a French textbook illustrating various aspects of the French colonial empire, circa 1880. The White Fathers of Cardinal La... Dascher, G. (19th century) Credit: Private Collection Archives Charmet/Bridgeman Images *The White Fathers were a French missionary society established in 1868 to spread Christianity in French African colonies. Document 6 Source: Marine and Overseas Ministry of Portugal, instructions to Bishop Antonio Jose de Souza Barroso, Portuguese Catholic Bishop of Mozambique, 1896. All missions in Mozambique must assume the character of national institutions and are always obligated to: pledge their subordination to the Bishop of Mozambique; use and teach the Portuguese language; have the Portuguese flag hoisted at the center of the Mission's building, court, or enclosure; defend of the rights of Portuguese sovereignty, both in their Christian propaganda and in exercising their missionary functions; render all their assistance to the Portuguese colonial authorities, and be subordinate to these authorities.
Inflammatory response is an example of:
Which of the following statements applies to both nematodes and arthropods?
The College Board reports that the in 2018, the mean mathematics SAT score was 515, and the standard deviation was 116. A sample of 100 scores is chosen from the population of all SAT scores. Find the probability that the sample mean is between 480 and 520.
1.  Name this muscle.  [blad1] 2.  Name these folds in the urinary bladder wall.  [blad2] 3.  Name this muscle.  [blad3]
The measure for systematic risk is called beta.
All of the following membrane transport mechanisms are passive processes except
In preparing its bank reconciliation for the month of April 2020, Dak Industries has the following information available.    Balance per bank statement, 4/30/20  $      102,450   NSF check returned with 4/30/20 bank statement  $           1,344   Deposits in transit, 4/30/20  $         14,800   Outstanding checks, 4/30/20  $         15,510   Bank service charges for April  $                61    What should be the correct balance of cash at April 30, 2020?
Enzymes that hydrolyze protein are called ________.
The musical form of Schubert's Erlking is
Which book did guest speaker Meaghan Barbin recommend to the class?
2.4.2   Susan and her family celebrates a holy month in their culture where they are restricted in their meal pattern. Identify this month and explain what happens during it.   (2)
Use the terms INCREASES, DECREASES, REMAINS CONSTANT, or CEASES when answering the following question: During the dry period, milk production [answer1] and body weight [answer2].
What concerns might arise when Congress delegates decision-making authority to bureaucracies, sometimes called the "fourth branch of government"?
Fill in the correct form of the verb in parenthesis for the subject in bold. Santiago ________ (comer) las papas fritas para el almuerzo.
