The theory of natural selection states that:
Question 9: Viruses as Therapeutics (Dr. A. Disculescu)    List two Pros- and two Cons- of using adeno-associated viral vectors (AAVs) as gene therapy tools compared to adenovirus or lentivirus. Briefly explain the advantages and disadvantages in each case. (4 points)        2. Hereditary blindness can be caused by genetic defects in retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) cells, where a continuous supply of 11-cis-retinal chromophore is produced from vitamin A. One of the key components of the visual cycle is the RPE65 protein, an isomerohydrolase that converts all-trans retinyl ester to 11-cis retinol in RPE. In 2017, LUXTURNA(tm) (voretigene neparvovec-rzyl) from Spark Therapeutics, became the first United States FDA-approved gene therapy product for the eye for the treatment of LCA2 disease, specifically by providing a functional RPE65 gene using an AAV2-CBA-human RPE65 serotype. Provide 2 reasons why the AAV-based RPE65 gene therapy for this disease was relatively easier to develop compared to other inherited disorders. (4 points)       3. Compared to human patients, AAV-viral vector mediated therapy in mouse models of RPE65 deficiency results in robust restoration in retinal function, as determined by electroretinography (ERG) analysis, and preservation of light-sensitive photoreceptor neurons. Select one potential reason for this remarkable success in animal models, from the 2 choices below: (2 points)                 a. Optimum window of treatment: The AAV-mediated gene therapy in animal models was initiated either before the disease onset, or at early stages of retinal degeneration, when the majority of the photoreceptor neurons were still present.               b. AAV viral capsid: A self-complementary AAV vector was used in animal models of RPE65 deficiency, ensuring a faster onset of transgene expression
Generally, most Americans eat healthy and get enough exercise.
. Which of the modes of action would be most selectively toxic?   HINT- what is major difference in cell structure of prokaryotic versus eukaryotic (human) cells that will cause drug to be acting on microbe and Not host cells!
What is the most powerful component of resistance?
Which of the following assets is considered the most liquid?
A random alteration in the sequence of DNA nucleotides that produces a new allele (or variant of a gene) is called
____ is the period of the action potential in which the neuron cannot respond to a second stimulus no matter how strong it may be.
In most cases, it is through criminal court that monetary compensation is sought.
____ reads the entire text file, returning a list
Which one of the following cloud types would most likely be responsible for producing heavy rain?
Jose is a stay-at-home father and feels pressure from society to watch football on TV, enjoy action movies, play basketball on the weekends, and bring home a bigger paycheck than his corporate executive wife. What is this societal pressure called?
Coxey's Army
If a man consumes 65 grams of protein and 2700 total calories per day, approximately what percentage of calories would he derive from protein?
An outlier in a data set is a value that is desimilar to the rest of the values in that data set.
A molecule that undergoes reduction __________.
A client has a long history of hypertension and has developed heart failure. The nurse should anticipate giving medications for which purpose?
Which of the following graphs has a vertical shift, but not a phase shift?
ELO 8.14 When a firm sells its accounts receivables, it is said to be _______ them.
Which of the following is an accurate definition of a flail chest?
