The most common cause of hyperthyroidism is
Optional:  Up to 4 points Extra Credit Why were imaginary numbers invented? Why are they called imaginary?
VRAAG 4 INTERNE BEHEER EN ETIEK (25 Punte, 19 Minute)          Petza Handelaars is 'n plaaslike onderneming wat handel dryf in troeteldier produkte. Petza-handelaars is 'n nuwe onderneming, hul eienaar, Peter Pets, is nog steeds nie seker oor interne beheermaatreels en etiek nie. Peter benodig u hulp om die vrae hieronder te beantwoord.           4.1   Noem TWEE interne beheermaatreels wat 'n onderneming kan implementeer om te verseker dat debiteure betyds betaal.   (4)         4.2   Verduidelik waarom dit nodig is om 'n fisiese voorraadopname van handelsvoorraad te doen. Noem TWEE voordele.   (4)         4.3   Die onderneming het nie goeie beheer oor sy voorraad nie. Noem TWEE maniere waarop die onderneming kan voorkom dat voorraad gesteel word .   (4)         4.4   Peter Pets het gehoor dat daar  drie soorte kontroles  is, naamlik Direktiewe, korrektief en voorkomend.   Verduidelik wat elk van hierdie kontroles beteken.   (3)         4.5   Bestudeer die etiese gedrag van die volgende werknemers en dui aan watter etiese reels hulle verbreek het.   Antwoord in u antwoordboek soos volg: bv. 4.5.1 Vertroulikheid       4.5.1 'n Werknemer weeg goedere in 'n boks, druk 'n strepieskode-etiket en plaas dan nog goedere in die boks voordat hy die boks seel.       4.5.2 Toe 'n tegnikus 'n yskas herstel, gebruik hy 'n tweedehandse onderdeel, maar vra die klant die prys van `n nuwe onderdeel.       4.5.3 'n Ontvangsdame het met 'n kollega bly praat, terwyl 'n klant vyf minute gewag het.       4.5.4 'n Werknemer vertel graag vir haar vriende oor die hoeveelheid skuld wat klante aangegaan het in die winkel waar sy werk.       4.5.5   'n Werknemer hou nie van alle ligte haarkleur kliente nie en behandel hulle gewoonlik onbeskof by die kantoor waar hy werk.         (10)                 [25]
A nurse caring for a diabetic patient with a bowel obstruction has orders to ensure that the volume of intake matches the output. In the past 4 hours, the patient received dextrose 5% with 0.9% sodium chloride through a 22-gauge catheter infusing at 150 mL/hr and has eaten 200 mL of ice chips. The patient also has an NG suction tube set to low continuous suction that had 300-mL output. The patient has voided 400 mL of urine. After reporting these values to the health care provider, which order does the nurse anticipate?
The 3 components of an actor's instrument include all of the following, except-?-
When considering a single gene, both sides of the DNA sequence (the coding strand and the template strand) can be transcribed to make a functional protein.
Please submit your planning and draft here.
The person responsible for establishing psychology as an independent discipline and a science was:
The irradiation of __________ is the principal cause of effects from radiation.
A nurse is planning a spiritual assessment of a client who is experiencing significant, permanent losses in function as a result of disease. Which of the following principles should inform the nurse's assessment?
Which of the following organs is located within the abdominal cavity?
Calculate the creatine clearance rate for a paitent  who is 70 in tall and 210 lbs, had a 24 hour urine volume of 1760 mL, a plasma creatinine concentration of 1.9 mg/dL and a urine creatinine concentration of 128 mg/dL.  (1 lb = 0.45 kg) ( 1 inch = 2.54 cm)
If two species of birds occur in the same area but occupy different habitats they do not mate. This is an example of
What is the process of sperm production?
A normoblast
The nurse administers the first dose of chemotherapy to a client on an oncology unit. The nurse knows that which of the following activities is appropriate to delegate to the LPN?
The concept of "crime victim" has been most readily applied to victims of:
Free Response: Below all of the free response questions for this exam are listed. You should work all of the free responses completely before exiting the Canvas quiz. You only need to type your final answer for each question into the essay box below. Once you have closed the quiz, then you can use your cell phone to take pictures of your free response work and then can upload this to the assignment labelled "Free Response Exam 1" as a pdf or word document. You will have 10 minutes from the time you finish the Canvas quiz closes to upload. Note that no credit will be given for a free response question without both the answer typed into the box (matching your work) and the work upload. If the quiz times out before you get to type in an answer, e-mail me your final answer (or as far as you got for the question) immediately. The quiz is time stamped, so I will know whether you sent it immediately or took additional time to work on it outside of the Canvas quiz. A periodic table and important equations and conversions are included below:  1 inch = 2.54 cm 1 foot = 12 inches 1 mile = 5280 feet  Vcylinder=pr2h    Free Response 1: You find a sample of metal. You decide to run a chemistry experiment to determine the identity of the metal. You measure the mass and the volume of the sample as 0.0700 kg and 0.199 in3. Determine which of the metals from the chart below this sample most likely is. (8 points) Remember to type your final answer into the essay box and upload your work to the separate assignment after you exit the assignment.   Metal Density (g/cm3)   Aluminum 2.7   Silver 10.5   Potassium 0.89   Platinum 21.5       Free Response Question 2: A cylinder has a radius of 45.0 cm and a height of 782 mm. Determine the volume of the cylinder in units of L. Remember to type your final answer into the essay box and upload your work to the separate assignment after you exit the assignment. (8 points) Free Response Question 3: A fictional element, M, has 3 isotopes: M-15 with a mass of 14.67 amu and a relative percentage of 40.3 %, M-16 with a mass of 15.91 amu and a relative percentage of 18.9 %, and a third isotope. If the average atomic mass of this element is 16.31 amu, determine the mass of the third isotope. Remember to type your final answer into the essay box and upload your work to the separate assignment after you exit the assignment. (8 points)
The RN is preparing to administer 10mg of Oxycodone PO to a client post abdominal surgery. Because the nurse knows this patient has hypothyroidism, which assessment is crucial for the nurse to carry-out?
Muscular endurance is the ability to create a large amount of force at one time.
