What are the four main vital signs?
Day 2 Question 1 One of your papers has recently received a "revise and resubmit" at a journal in which you've always wanted to publish. Congratulations! This is a paper where you have one or more IVs, one or more DVs, and one or more mediators in between IV(s) and DV(s). You can name these yourself - whatever you want. However, this original submission had no interactions. Most of the reviewers appear constructive. One reviewer, however, let's call him or her "Reviewer 2," is less constructive and offers (among other comments) the following thoughts on your model: "I don't like it. Especially the mediators. The antecedent(s) and outcome(s) are interesting, I just don't see how the mediator(s) adds any useful value to the issue. Process, and therefore mediation, is boring and doesn't warrant space in a top journal (despite getting a lot of journal space of late). Get rid of your mediators and do something to make the model more interesting and useful." You are now faced with at least two possible paths: (1) agree with R2 and adapt your model to make it more interesting (at least more interesting to this reviewer) or (2) disagree with R2, argue against his/her premise, and justify the value of your current model. Indeed, this is a choice faced by every scholar on nearly every response they make to reviewers. Further, there are potential risks and rewards to each - meaning that the situation needs to be carefully considered and navigated. So... what will you do? First, tell us what the submitted model was. What are your variables and how do they interrelate (this is the part where you get to make up a model you like). There is no right or wrong answer here, we just need to understand the model you have in your mind. Second, decide on which of the two main paths you will take - agree or disagree. Again, there is no real right or wrong answer here, but this decision will determine what you will be evaluated on in step 3 below. Third, if you choose to agree and adapt, please explain in detail why you agree with R2's premise that mediators are boring. Why are they boring (or perhaps under what conditions are they boring)? Explain also how you will enhance your model in an attempt to pique R2's interest. Given that he or she has not provided details as to what would count as interesting to him/her, you need to be careful and thorough in your response defending and justifying each change to make the intrigue of the paper utterly obvious to R2. Do not take anything for granted. Or, if you choose to disagree and argue, please explain in detail why your disagree with R2's premise that mediators are boring. Why are they interesting (or perhaps under what conditions are they interesting)? Why do they deserve space in the pages of top journals? Why do they create a publishable contribution? This cannot just be your general opinion, make sure to provide convincing argumentation. Realize also that in this persuasive attempt, you are "selling" not only to R2, but also to the AE and Editor in Chief. Given that you get to name these variables and construct the details of the model, it seems that you have a lot of leeway in how you address this issue. Best of luck.
Identify the structure labeled "1":
In the name Escherichia coli, Escherichia is the __________
Three minutes into a cardiac arrest resuscitation attempt, one member of your team inserts an endotracheal tube while another performs chest compressions. Capnography shows a persistent waveform and a PETCO2 of 8 mmHg. What is the significance of this finding?
CEO of Fashion For Good, Matt Swinney, said: "Fashion For Good: Houston 2019 is incredibly excited to launch the first annual "Haute Dogs & Fancy Cats" benefiting Rescued Pets Movement.  Haute Dogs combines animal rescue with fashion to Houston.  While our past fashion show productions have partnered with charities and sustainable designers, Haute Dogs is a unique and fun platform to raise money for Rescued Pets Movement, an incredible not for profit organization that has saved over 38,000 homeless animals since 2013.  Tickets, sponsorships, and runway appearances are still available.
A recipe for brownies calls for 4 eggs and 1.5 cups of flour. If the recipe make 15 brownies, how many cups of flour will be needed to make 130 brownies?
If you were going to perform an experiment in which you compare the average leg length of two different spider populations, which of these would NOT reduce systematic error?
The rise of SuperPACs is a result of what U.S. Supreme Court case?
The Increase Decimal button automatically adds dollar signs and two decimal places to your data.
Consider the discrete probability distribution to the right when answering the following question. Find the probability that x equals 4.
The most valuable spot of driving is the safety zone in front of you.
Perry's ankles are so swollen, the elastic bands at the top of his socks leave impressions in his skin. The swelling is called
The was the social class that comprised approximately 97% of all the people of France.
The gene for nail patellar syndrome (n = normal allele; N  = mutant allele) shows linkage to the blood group A, B and O alleles (IA = blood type A; IB = blood type B; i = blood type O). The IA and IB alleles both show complete dominance over the i allele. The IA and IB alleles are co-dominant to each other. The two genes are located 20 m.u. apart. An individual has the following genotype: n____i   N____ IA  What is the probability that the individual will pass on a recombinant chromosome to offspring (any recombinant chromosome)?
A substance is an acid if
A nurse is caring for a client who is taking oral erythromycin. Which adverse reaction is priority for the nurse to intervene?
In The Selfish Gene, Richard Dawkins explains that the opposite of his selfish gene theory is a misconception in biology called
What type of muscle tissue is associated with internal organs, other than the heart? 8.1
East Lake East Lake West Lake West Lake   # of boats Avg # of fish # of boats Avg # of fish   1 10 1 18   2 9 2 16   3 8 3 14   4 7 4 12   5 6 5 10    What's the optimal allocation of 5 boats?
