Johnson Oil refinery has acquired a new plat of land for oil drilling in the amount of $250,000. Legal fees necessary to complete the transaction amounted to $15,000. The salvage value for the piece of property after five years of use is anticipated to be $80,000. The first year of use of the property, Johnson was able to recover 80,000 gallons of oil, while the total expected use amounted to 400,000 gallons. What is the total amount of depletion calculated for year one.
Your elderly patient June has been showing an increase level of agitation, confusion, has a low grade fever and is complaining of pain during urination. Being an astute nurse, you instantly recognize these symptoms as a UTI and request the urine be cultured and a sensitive report be conducted. It is determined June's UTI is caused by Klebsiella pneumoniae. Unfortunately, the lab only included the zone of inhibition and forgot to include which antibiotic would be appropriate to treat the infection. The results are as followed:  Bactrim 15 mm, Ciprofloxacin 28 mm, Penicillin 14 mm, Tetracycline 19 mm, Vancomycin 2mm. Using the chart below, which antibiotic(s) would be effective in treating this pneumoniae infection.       Antibiotic   Resistant < or = mm   Intermediate Mm   Susceptible = or >  mm     Bactrim   10   11 - 15   16     Ciprofloxacin   15   16 - 21   22     Penicillin   14       15     Tetracycline   14   15 - 18   19     Vancomycin   9   10-11   12
The most common pulmonary complication in older adults is
What is the molecular geometry of HCN? A.  Linear B.  Trigonal planar C.  Trigonal pyramidal D.  Tetrahedral
Glass is notorious for bending radio waves as the waves pass through them causing refraction.
A bacterium that can grow either with or without the presence of oxygen is called:
Monocyte
Why do some believe that our Galaxy has dark matter?
The structure of DNA is typically described as a:
Funda lesi siqeshana bese uphendula imibuzo elandelayo: Read the THIRD part of the story and answer questions that follow:         3.         "Hawu wozani nizobuka lapha bangani, sheshisani" kukhuluma uMandisa ngenkulu injabulo. ("Wow, come and see this friends, hurry" said Mandisa.) Basheshe basondele abangani bakhe ngokushesha. (Her friends came quickly.) "Yini lena oyiphethe manje Mandisa? kubuza uNonjabulo. ("What are you holding there now Mandisa?" asked Nonjabulo.) "Ngiphethe isimanga sento, ngiphethe uNogwaja wenhlanhla." kusho uMandisa. ("I am holding a miracle, I am holding a lucky rabbit"said Mandisa.) "Umama wami uthi lo nogwaja utholakala kuphela ehlobo futhi uletha inhlanhla enkulu" kusho uMandisa. ("My mom said this rabbit is only found in summer and it brings good luck" said Mandisa.)  Hawu impela lehlobo liyasithanda, bheka nje manje sesizitholele umngani omusha, omuhle, omhlophe futhi esizodlala naye njalo ngehlobo. (Wow, really this summer loves us, look now we have found ourselves a friend who is new, beautiful, white and we will play with it every summer.")                                                                                      (Indaba esuselwe ekhanda)
If the following sentence is free of errors, choose the answer True. If there are errors in the sentence, choose the answer False and explain how to correct the sentence. How many nations have joined the European Union.
In the following chemical equation, what is the reactant? CuSO4*5H2O(s) - CuO(s) + SO3(g) + 5H2O(l)
___________________________ is a type of immunodeficiency caused by a loss of immune function.  Examples include immunodeficiencies caused by exposure to chemicals or certain infectious agents.
If Hydrogen has an atomic number of 1 and an atomic mass of 1.  How many electrons in the outer shell does Hydgrogen have?
Also known as unconventional marketing, this is an aspect of marketing in which generally small businesses uses unique promotions on a very small budget:
Which of the following terms is used to describe an effort to attract public attention to a negligent, illegal, unethical, abusive, or dangerous act by an individual or organization?
Companies that use cash basis accounting recognize revenues and expenses when they are incurred, regardless of when the cash changes hands.
Name the phylum of the butterfly
Federal Fair Housing laws DO NOT PROHIBIT housing discrimination based on a buyer's or lessee's _____.
An effective visual aid
