Complete the sentence so the result is an identity. Let x be any real number.1 + __________ = csc2x
The Peak wavelength emitted by the Earth's surface at 288K is _______ while the Sun at 5770 K emits closer to ________.
32. Which environment could be defined as an ecosystem?
What is the initial contributing factor to increased strength upon beginning a resistance training exercise program (i.e. within 2 weeks)?
What is usually the earliest clinical manifestation of pulmonary emphysema?
Who was the economist who created the framework for a carbon tax?
Which of the following statements about sepsis is FALSE?
In nursing practice, being politically engaged through a political action committee of the American Nurses Association creates:
Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.     His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together.   The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions.   For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse.   The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle.    Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life.   The communication between the nervous system and skeletal muscle that allows for conscious control of skeletal muscle is called the
Cryptococcal infection
The 1869 Constitution served as the instrument of government for an era that most Texans and traditional historians would regard as the most ________ in the state's history.
Based on the code above, what is the value of y if x = 9?(THIS QUESTION HAS A TYPO. THE ANSWER IS "4")
Sociologists use the term __________ to refer to a racial or ethnic group that has the greatest power and resources in a society.
A device that is designed to take the place of a human anatomical site is a/n:
The largest and most numerous types of neuroglia are the:
The production of light by an organism is called ____.
Which of the following is NOT a function of the renal system?
A student performed a Gram stain on a bacterial smear of a known Gram-positive organism.  After the protocol was complete, the bacterial cells were stained pink.  What mistake was possibly made?
An eagle, with a wingspread of 2.0 m, flies toward the north at 8.0 m/s in a region where the vertical component of the earth's magnetic field is 0.20 x 10-4 T. What emf would be developed between the eagle's wing tips? (It has been speculated that this phenomenon could play a role in the navigation of birds, but the effect is too small, in all likelihood.)
In 2010, what did controversial Senate Bill 1070 propose, causing a series of protests and legal battles?
