These goals (also referred to as objectives) are activity centered and outline a sequence of one or more units of accomplishment:
7.    According to your lectures and textbook, Maxwell et al (Texas Politics Today), which of the following terms best describes the legislative procedure of "mark up"
True or False: Employees attribute 50-70% of the agency's emotional climate to their boss.
The __________ identifies the table from which the data-bound control will get its data.
The ideas of the Mu'tazilites were argued against and (reputedly) put in their place by [Philo1]'s Incoherence of the Philosophers.  His ideas, however, came in for some "bumpy" treatment from [Philo2]'s rebuttal work, The Incoherence of the Incoherence.
Which medication may help slow disease progression in a patient with chronic kidney disease?
Most of the water that enters a plant via the roots leaves the same plant by the process of
Which of the following is a pathway used for the degradation of carbohydrates by strict anaerobes?
--Vado in gelateria adesso? --No, non ______ in gelateria adesso. [verb]
The treatment couch is typically made from [material].  This material is ideal because of its [property].
Which of the following is a consequence of microvascular damage?
There are a few things to remember before you begin. The MOST important of all....stay calm if anything happens during your exam. IF you encounter problems, you will need to "chat" with Honorlock. They will help address the situation. After the exam, send me a quick email letting me know what occurred. Here is how I will need you to address: Example: Subject line : (Last Name): Exam #-Problem                                        Sanchez: Exam #1-Ques. #5 You will be up-loading all work IMMEDIATELY to the designated dropbox. Please read the following to make sure you are prepared!       Important Exam info: MUST READ!  Your exam will open at 12:00 AM on and will close at 11:59 PM on. This is a 36 hour window in which you can arrange to take your exam. This should give you plenty of time to make necessary accommodations  Exam must be taken with Honorlock. NO EXCUSES. THIS IS REQUIRED!  Make whatever necessary accommodations to be able to take the exam. Student must be dressed appropriately and sitting at a desk or table. No eating or drinking while taking exam. DO NOT take the Exam on tablet/phone. Make sure to use Google Chrome as your browser. ANY browser other than this one will not be supported and issues will not be addressed. ONLY scratch paper/scientific calculator/periodic table/polyatomic sheet will be allowed on this exam. NO NOTES/BOOK/CELL PHONE/Additional resources will be allowed.  ANY flagging of your exam on HONORLOCK will result in various consequences:   Eyes and body must remain looking straight forward. ANY strange and unusual movements will be flagged. NO one should be in the room as you take your exam. Talking will be flagged and will not be excused.  Consequences for being Flagged:  Red- Video will be reviewed. Exam grade may result in a zero being assigned. A report with Academic Affairs will be filed. Min of 20pt deduction (with possibility of more points or a zero being assigned as final grade).  Two exam violations will result in a conversation with the Dean and possible removal from class. Report filed with Academic Affairs for each exam violation.   Orange- 5pts for every deduction will be made. More than 3 violations on a single exam will result in additional 10 pt deduction per question. More than 7 violations will result in an automatic zero and student will be reported to Office of Academic Affairs.  Three exam violations will result in a conversation with the Dean and possible removal from class. Report filed with Academic Affairs for each exam violation.   Green- 5pts Extra credit will be awarded for you amazing display of integrity!       Exam WILL NOT be reset for ANY reason.  Make sure you take the exam on a secure internet service. Do NOT take the exam during peak evening hours...  9pm-12pm are DANGEROUS hours 11AM-4PM are DANGEROUS hour     You will have 75 min. to take the exam. You will have 2 attempts  Once you start, you must finish. NO pausing allowed Your exam will close at 11:59pm. This means you should begin your exam NO later than 9:30pm to be sure to complete the exam with enough time. REMEMBER! Peak hours can affect the ability to securely finish the exam. EXAM WILL NOT BE RESET FOR ANY REASON!!! Hence the reason for 2 attempts. Highest grade will be taken.  Posting/sharing your work, to any site, to share with fellow classmates, is considered cheating and can result in disciplinary action.   IF you are NOT aware of how HONORLOCK works....Eyes are on you at all times.   YOU are being recorded.  Voices are being recorded.  Sounds are being recorded.  IF you try to use your cell phone or another person to help you during the exam, you will be flagged.  I am adding a second level of security.  PLEASE...Do not make us question your integrity on this exam.  PLEASE stay honest   Please NOTE Consequences for being Flagged:  Red- Video will be reviewed. Exam grade may result in a zero being assigned. A report with Academic Affairs will be filed. Min of 20pt deduction (with possibility of more points or a zero being assigned as final grade Orange- 5pts for every deduction will be made. More than 3 violations on a single exam will result in additional 10 pt deduction per question. More than 7 violations will result in an automatic zero and student will be reported to Office of Academic Affairs. Green- 5pts Extra credit will be awarded for you amazing display of integrity!   Problems incurred during exam, such as images not displaying, choices not displaying, etc....Continue working!!! Do not stop. You will be flagged.  Immediately after the exam send me an email.  In the subject line write ""last name/Exam 1 Issue- Prob #"  Example: Sanchez/Exam 1 issue-prob #1        I will do my best to remain fair, but you are expected to do your part. Do not allow problems during the exam to frustrate you. If there is a problem, I will address it. YOU MUST USE GOOGLE CHROME regardless of your "favorite" choice. Chrome is supported by Blinn's tech service and so is Honorlock. I will NOT address issues that are outside of Google Chrome.  NOTE: Once you begin the Exam, you are acknowledging that you have read and understand the test procedure.
You place a cell in a solution and the cell begins to swell and enlarge.  You most likely placed the cell in a _____ solution.
The study reports the following data for a study of individuals who were tested before and after a program to increase physical activity. The results of the study included the finding that the values of the lower and upper bounds of the confidence levels crossed 1. What does this finding indicate?
The Roman historian Plutarch wrote about Pyrrhus: We are told that Pyrrhus said to one who was congratulating him on his victory, "If we are victorious in one more battle with the Romans, we shall be utterly ruined." For he had lost a great part of the forces with which he came, and all his friends and generals except a few; moreover, he had no others whom he could summon from home, and he saw that his allies in Italy were becoming indifferent. Where was home for the unfortunate Pyrrhus?
Your patient wants to improve in her ability to perform a squat pivot transfer to get in/out of bed.  Which of the following muscles will need to be strengthened?
What is the freezing point of water on the Celsius temperature scale?
Hair and/or hair follicles are absent in all of the following locations except...
The red dots represent
Which of the following microbes is responsible for a bacterial, communicable respiratory infection that is often treated with broad-spectrum antibiotics if pneumococcal pneumonia has been eliminated as a possibility?
