Passage A Rachel liked the outdoors and she liked the sun. Even when she wasn't swimming on the varsity team, she was often out running, playing volleyball, or just sunbathing. Her friends admired her great tan. That spring, when a teammate noticed that she had a bumpy, black mole on her back, she simply shrugged it off with "l've always had a mole there." Rachel would have ignored it completely, but her swim coach asked her to have it checked by a physician. So she scheduled an appointment with her family doctor, who removed the mole in his office. After the minor surgery, Rachel didn't think about the mole at all. The cut healed in time for the next swim meet, she won the 100-meter butterfly, and she was on top of the world. However, her doctor called back a few days later. Following his general policy, he had sent the tissue to a laboratory for examination. The diagnosis was a type of cancer called melanoma. Melanoma is a skin cancer that usually begins in pigmented cells in the deeper parts of the skin.The resulting disease is challenging to treat and frequently deadly. The American Dermatology Association estimates that more than 54,000 people in the United States will be diagnosed with melanoma this year, with about 8000 deaths. Melanoma is mostly caused by exposure to ultraviolet rays in sunlight. As a child, Rachel had many sunburns. Being badly sunburned as a kid about triples the risk of developing melanoma. Because her melanoma was caught at an early stage, Rachel's prognosis for total recovery is good. You can learn to spot potential melanomas before they become deadly, because virtually all melanomas either begin with a pre-existing mole or begin as a dark spot on the skin that looks like a new mole forming. Recognizing a possible melanoma is as easy as "AB CD": Examine your moles for Asymmetry, irregular Border, irregular Color, or a Diameter larger than the eraser on the end of a pencil. Have any suspicious spots promptly examined by your doctor. -adapted from Audesirk, Audesirk, and Byers, Biology: Life on Earth, pp.191, 217 Passage B The American Psychological Association's code of ethics includes guidelines for using animals in psychological research. Like research with human participants, animal research must follow all relevant federal, state, and local laws. Here are a few of the important guidelines. The use of animals must be supervised by people who are trained in their care. These experienced personnel must teach all subordinates, such as research assistants, how to properly handle and feed the animals and to recognize signs of illness or distress. Researchers are ethically bound to minimize any discomfort to research animals. For example, it is unethical to perform surgery on research animals without appropriate anesthesia. And when researchers must terminate the lives of research animals, they must do so in a humane manner. Even with these safeguards in place, the use of animals in research is controversial. Many animal-rights advocates want all animal research stopped immediately. Thus, it is important to address the question of whether animal research is really necessary. The fact that virtually all of the marvels of modern medicine are at least partially the result of experimentation using animals supports the view that animal research is indeed necessary. Such research has also increased knowledge in the areas of learning, motivation, stress, memory, and effects on the unborn of various drugs ingested during pregnancy. Similarly, animal research has helped psychopharmacologists better understand the side effects of drugs that are used to relieve the symptoms of mental illnesses such as schizophrenia. Thus animal research is critically important to experiments that involve variables that cannot be ethically manipulated in human beings. However, the material benefits derived from an action cannot stand alone as an ethical justification for it. For this reason, decisions about the use of animals in research must balance the potential benefits of a given study against the pain and suffering that might be inflected upon making an animal fatally ill. By contrast, a study that goes to this extreme in search of a cure for male-pattern baldness might not. Emphasis on achieving this kind of ethical balance in animal research has led to a search for alternative research methods that is reportedly resulting in a decrease in the numbers of animals needed. -adapted from Wood, Wood, and Boy, Mastering the World of Psychology, p.25
Costs of production that change with the rate of output are:
The dietitian is educating a client on the impact of dietary intake and how it impacts overall health. Which of the following statements by the client would prompt the dietitian to clarify it due to being incorrect?
In the summer, Ben often jogs during the middle of the day. When he exercises in these conditions, he sweats heavily. The recommended way for Ben to maintain his fluid balance is to
A bariatric patient has just arrived to the unit as a transfer from critical care. When working on the planning stage of the nursing process, what should the nurse keep in mind about patient outcomes?
Older employees nearing retirement are attracted to savings plans.
The conversion of sound to heat describes the attenuation processs known as:
A heroin dependent patient has decided to stop injecting heroin abruptly 2 days ago. The patient is brought to the ER by the parents due to a dysphoric mood, muscle aches, and fever. The patient has no medical conditions, and is not taking any medications. The parents are distraught at the appearance of the patient, and are obviously anxious. The PMHNP is called in to help with the patient, and works to decrease the parents' anxiety by explaining:
The layer of the epidermis that would be just under the corneum on the palm of the hand is the:
Identify the type of solid for gold.
[NonbranchingEvolution] is when a population changes and becomes a new species, but [BranchingEvolution] is when one or more new species branch from a parent species that may continue to exist.
26.       Which of the following is an example of a population bottleneck?
Which of the following examples concatenates arrays trialOne, trialTwo, and trialThree into a new array allTrials?
Essay/Short Answer: Explain in detail how the rate and depth of breathing are regulated.
One of the educational implications of sensory memory is that
When a device handles electrical signals improperly, usually resulting from a bad NIC, it is referred to by what term below?
The client does not produce adequate amounts of pepsin. The nurse understands the client will have difficulty;
A curtain wall:
The formation of seeds greatly improved plants' adaptation to land by:
Performing temporal taps as a validation tool might be performed when interrogating which vessel?
