Choose one of the following 5 questions to answer. Keep in mind that whatever disorder you choose to write about in this Assessment section must be different than the disorder you will choose to write about in the Treatment section in this afternoon's exam.    Be sure that your heading at the top lists the disorder about which you are writing for the Assessment section.   Speech Assessment Please describe how you would perform a speech evaluation of an 11-year-old Japanese-English speaking boy who presents with /r/ deletion and consonant cluster reduction, but no other remarkable articulation or language characteristics.  He was born and raised in NYC, speaking Japanese at home, but attending local (English-language) public schools since pre-school.  Please specify your logic on determining his speech disorder(s), if any, and your best guess regarding what your findings are likely to be.    Voice Assessment A 35-year-old high school teacher is referred to you by the local ENT for a comprehensive voice evaluation and to assess the role for voice therapy. The physician provided a diagnosis of bilateral vocal fold polyps and believes that the patient would benefit from a course of voice therapy prior to considering the potential surgery (microflap excision). The patient complains of a "hoarse" vocal quality with vocal pain and fatigue following 10-15 minutes of voice use which began gradually around March 2020, worsened over several months, and has been stable since June 2020. They attribute these voice changes to having to teach online. You perform laryngeal palpation and laryngeal-stroboscopic evaluation, which reveals the following: Laryngeal Palpation  No appreciable tension or tenderness in the submental region Increased tension in the base of tongue (suprahyoid space) and thyrohyoid space at rest and increased with phonation Patient report of tenderness in the base of tongue (suprahyoid space) and thyrohyoid space  Laryngoscopic Findings  Intact vocal fold mobility bilaterally Medial supraglottic compression  Medium size, sessile, opaque lesions located on the left and right mid-membranous vocal folds, appearing consistent with soft/acute vocal fold nodules  Stroboscopic Findings  Intact mucosal wave and vertical phase difference Intact amplitude of vibration Frequent irregularity/aperiodicity in vocal fold vibration  Incomplete hourglass closure characterized by complete closure at site of the bilateral lesions but with medium-sized gaps anterior and posterior to site of lesions.  Glottal closure appears to be approximately a bit more open-phase predominant.3   List three deviant voice quality features that you expect to hear throughout the evaluation. Additionally, describe which laryngoscopic and/or stroboscopic finding you think is most likely contributing each individual deviant voice quality feature. During the evaluation, you also take some acoustic and aerodynamic voice measures. You are not surprised that, when compared to normative data, the cepstral peak prominence and /s/ to /z/ ratio are relatively (pick one):a. High for CPP (>= 14.4) and high for s/z ratio (>= 1.4) b. High for CPP (>= 14.4) and low for s/z ratio (<= 0.8) c. Low for CPP (< 14.4) and high for s/z ratio (>= 1.4) d. Low for CPP (< 14.4) and low for s/z ratio (<= 1.4)  You agree with the ENT in that you believe she would benefit from a course of voice therapy focusing on improved vocal efficiency. You want to get an idea of how she will respond to voice therapy and decide to do some stimulability testing at the end of your evaluation. List 3 different voicing tasks that you may try to see if she is stimulable for improved vocal efficiency. For each voicing task, provide one to two sentences describing the physiologic rationale for choosing that specific voice tasks.     Dysphagia Assessment A 70-year old male with Parkinson's Disease presents to your outpatient clinic at the recommendation of his physician.  He ambulates with assistance (using a walker), has a masked facial quality, and mild hypokinetic dysarthria.  He denies any difficulty with swallowing, including no coughing, choking, or sensation of sticking when eating or drinking. You are asked to complete an evaluation and determine candidacy for dysphagia treatment.   Provide one reason why you would want to proceed with a clinical evaluation in this individual, despite them indicating that he has no difficulty with swallowing.   Provide two reasons why you want to include testing of cough function in your bedside evaluation.   What objective, imaging study would you recommend to validate your clinical findings? Explain the rationale behind your choice of study. Discuss three potential findings from your chosen objective swallowing study.   Cleft Palate Assessment Tony is an 8-year-old boy born with complete bilateral cleft lip and palate and had his lip repaired at 11 weeks and his palate repaired at 13 months.  He has quite obvious nasal emission for fricatives, affricates, and alveolar stops.  All other high pressure sounds are produced appropriately.  Resonance is within normal limits.  Tony has been receiving speech therapy in his school for the past 2 years.  His parents say that his speech has not improved and may even have gotten worse.  The surgeon at the Hoffman Children's Hospital has asked you to determine whether he needs a secondary surgery for speech.   What is your assessment protocol for his speech? Be sure to include what factors you might rely upon to determine whether he needs speech treatment or further surgical management.   Literacy Assessment You are assessing a third grader who is a monolingual speaker of English who is suspected of having dyslexia.  Define dyslexia. You are using the simple view of reading to guide your assessment.  Discuss what the simple view of reading is.    It is possible that the child has dyslexia; however, the child may have a different type of reading disorder.  Based on the simple view, indicate what area(s) a child with the following reading disorders would have a deficit in:  (a) dyslexia, (b) specific comprehension deficit and (c) mixed reading disorder.  What areas of language and reading would you evaluate when assessing this child?
Tooth loss is a normal element of aging. Education level is the strongest determinants of tooth loss.
The human brain tends to operate using Gestalt rules and principles. What does it mean to say something is "Gestalt"?
Employers may not require individuals of one ethnic background to undergo more significant security checks or other pre-employment requirements unless they come from a country that has proven ties to terrorist organizations.
According to psycholinguistic theory, language acquisition
Which of the following was a major circumstance that lead to increases in development of statistical quality control techniques?
Which of the following is an amphiprotic substance?
Stereotypes deeply influence how we react to one another.
A nurse supports a parent for praising a child who behaves in helpful ways to others. When this child behaves with politeness and helpfulness in adulthood, which feeling will most likely result?
You have been unfortunate enough to contract a bad case of poison ivy while having a romp in the woods. You go to the doctor and he gives you a large shot of dexamethasone (synthetic glucocorticoid), then prescribes 20 mg tablets of prednisone (synthetic glucocorticoid) to be taken 4 per day for 4 days, then 2 per day for 4 days, then 1 per day for 3 days, then finally one-half tablet for 3 days. Specifically, how is this going to help your symptoms and why did he prescribe it to be taken in this fashion? What is the mechanism of action? Why would it be necessary for you to stay away from a friend who had contracted a case of viral pneumonia?
A nurse is assessing a woman is complaining about sore nipples 48 hours after delivery. Which of the following are risk factors for sore nipples? (Select all that apply.)
You have a raster file in which each pixel of the Earth's surface is either "land" or "water" (0=water, 1=land). What is the minimum amount of storage need for each pixel?
(Refer to the diagram of the sarcomere-Fig.4.) Name the label "4".
Which class of amines can form intermolecular hydrogen bonds?
One of the following describes the threat to internal validity known as selection.
A primary focus forms after a circulating naive B cell forms a conjugate pair with [one] in the [two] of a lymph node.
Plants grown for aesthetic uses, improvement of quality of life and our environment, and functional uses (ex: energy conservation) are considered:
The ________________ perspective sees social structures as contributing to the overall stability of society.
In response to each item, the rater indicates the amount of time the rater engaged in that behavior. This describes a
Question 10-14 are in one set.  You are trying to compute WACC for IBM. Here is some information about IBM, including the recent income statement and balance sheet from their 10K report, and a Yahoo Finance Snapshot. For this question, assume a risk free rate of 2.5% and a market risk premium of 6%.    Balance Sheet      Income Statement        For the questions below, if you ever need to use shares outstanding in your calculation, it is 925.79 million shares. Please use the above information for Questions 10-14.   What are the weights of equity and debt to compute the WACC? (hint: use "Long-term debt" in 2016 as debt for IBM)
