At the beginning of the year, Thermos Water Bottle Company had 50,000 shares of $100 par value common stock outstanding. During the year, it engaged in the following transactions related to its common stock:   February 28 - Declared and issued a 25% stock dividend April 30 - Repurchased 7,500 shares of common stock August 1 - Issued a 2 for 1 stock split, reducing the par value to $50/share October 1 - Issued 10,000 shares of common stock   Compute Thermos's weighted average common shares outstanding (round to the nearest whole number).
A patient had a cystectomy with an ileal conduit yesterday. Which new assessment data is most important for the nurse to communicate to the health care provider?
A 5-year-old boy measures lower than the 5th percentile in height for age. On physical examination, it appears that most of his decreased height is due to very short legs.  His trunk and head appear normally proportioned for age. He is of above average intelligence.  There is no reported family history of the condition. Which of the following is the most likely mutation mechanism in this child?    A Inherited pathogenic allele from a non-penetrant parent   B de novo substitution mutation in a chromosome 4 CpG island   C Chromosome 21 nondisjunction event   D Misalignment of chromosome 17 low copy number repeats
Bonus question An optically active D-aldohexose was treated with NaBH4 / H2O and produced an optically inactive alditol. When the same D-aldohexose was subjected to Wohl degradation followed by HNO3, it produced an optically inactive aldaric acid. Provide the structure of this D-aldohexose.
Potentially Useful Equations Ohm's Law:   Current for RL circuit:
The binge-purge cycling of bulimia nervosa involves processes similar to those of ___.
Many different proteins, enzymes and hormones are involved in maintaining hemostasis. Which protein is required for platelet adhesion?
Hardigree Insurance has collected the following information over the last six months.    Month Units produced Total costs   March 2,000 $6,700   April 3,200 9,400   May  2,200 7,100   June 3,000 9,500   July 2,800 8,000   August 2,100 6,600      Using the high-low method, how much is the total fixed cost?
The nurse is discussing the principles of 12-step programs for recovery with a client. Which information would the nurse most likely incorporate into the discussion about this type of program?
9. Buspar (buspirone) is used to treat anxiety. What advantage does Buspar have over the benzodiazepine anxiolytics?
The basic inventory equation/formula for costs can be expressed as:
What can journalists NOT legally photograph?
A test that provides that the defendant is not guilty due to insanity if, at the time of the killing, the defendant lacked either the ability to understand that the act was wrong or the ability to control the behavior.
A initial evaluation for special education services there must be a socio-cultural evaluation, which must be completed within:
Histamine increases blood flow and vascular permeability. This would account for all of the following changes that occur during inflammation except
A client who is 29 weeks' gestation is scheduled for an amniocentesis. Which of the following tests should the nurse explain to the client?
MacConkey Agar What information can you discern about the bacteria inoculated on the MacConkey agar plate below.
Carries secondary oocyte toward uterus.
Identify the muscle at the tip of the pointer labeled "A" in the image below.
Which blood pressure would be considered "normal"?
