Which of the following are true? Select all that apply.
The _____ in Visual Studio make it easy to enter programming code for methods.
________ is/are a data collection program run by the FBI that tallies crime statistics annually. Reports under the program consist primarily of data on crimes reported to the police and of arrests.
The alpha-globin gene cluster (for the production of hemoglobin) is located on human chromosome number [blank1]. The beta-globin gene cluster is located on human chromosome number [blank2].
What is a "Startup Budget"?
The Fed's purchases and sales of government securities are called:
A horizontal conductor oriented along the x-axis is suspended by two flexible wires. The conductor has a mass per unit length of 0.020 kg/m. A uniform external magnetic field of 3.0 T points into the page. What current is required in the conductor such that the tension in the supporting wires is zero?
Please show your scrap paper on the webcam!
If you don't like your online image, you should delete unflattering photos and remove tags that others have posted.
List the number of sigma bonds and pi bonds in a single bond.
Approximately 45% of a person's body weight is:
The MyPlate program:
Figure 11-1The marginal product of the 2nd worker is
I don't feel good so I get tested for Stap. pyogenes due to suspicions by my doctor. What color should this gram stain to prove it may be Step. pyogenes?
Which of the following have platelets that contain nuclei?
In the Titration of Soda Ash, what was the mole to mole ratio of HCl to soda ash?
Where is the most common location for ectopic pregnancies to occur?
Test 4 is done. Here comes Finals. Good luck!!
(Q001) In Texas, members of the Texas Supreme Court and the Court of Criminal Appeals, as well as of all lower state courts, are elected in partisan elections. Texas is one of only seven states that elect judges this way. Other states use a variety of selection systems ranging from gubernatorial appointment to legislative selection to nonpartisan election. Many "good government" advocates support merit selection, which several states employ and which has been suggested many times as a possible alternative to the current system in Texas. Merit selection involves a commission that vets potential judges based on their character and temperament. A list of approved judicial nominees is then presented to the governor, who appoints one as judge. After a period of time, that judge runs in a retention election. The judge does not face an opponent, but the ballot question asks voters whether the judge should be retained in office.Former Texas Supreme Court justice Wallace Jefferson has been a major advocate of merit selection. Partisan elections make little sense, according to Jefferson, when judges have so little to do with politics. He notes that what they do is "mundane, if nonetheless important. They probate wills and apportion divorcing spouses' assets. They determine child support and custody. They oversee trials and changes of pleas in criminal cases. They police discovery and preside over settlement conferences." Yet in every election, Jefferson argues, judges are swept out of office because of partisan voting, rather than decisions about judicial competence. Because of these concerns, Jefferson argues that the current system of selecting judges is one "in which an overwhelmed electorate ineffectually uses partisanship and name recognition as a proxy" for competence and integrity. "The result is the loss of good judges and a decrease in public confidence." Jefferson insists that "reform, beginning with merit selection followed by retention elections, is imperative."In response to Jefferson, Houston lawyer David Butts pointed out that Texas already has a system in which judges are appointed. The governor appoints judges to district and higher-level courts when new courts are created or when there are vacancies to fill. In fact, Governor Perry appointed more judges than any previous governor, and that included seven of the nine justices currently on the Texas Supreme Court. That appointment process is a political process, as was pointed out by a study of Perry's appointments done by the Austin American-Statesman. The study found that Perry "appointed reliably like-minded people--donors to his campaigns, one-time staffers in his office, former lobbyists--to dozens of boards, commissions and judgeships." If there is judicial reform, Butts argued, it should begin with restricting the governor's ability to appoint anyone he chooses. Butts noted that reformers always propose merit selection as a way to take politics out of judicial selection, but, he wrote, "the only politics that are restricted from the selection of our judges are the voters'. The governor, the Legislature, the elite group of lawyers on the selection committee, and the special interest groups will continue to influence and decide who those select candidates are and who is chosen." In reference to retention elections, Butts noted evidence from retention elections in California, Wisconsin, and Iowa where judges were defeated because their decisions angered "deep-pocket special interests or ideological fault lines" and thus became as subject to defeat as if they were in a partisan election. There will always be politics in a selection system, claimed Butts, and Texans should "trust the voters with the final say. Voters will not always make the best choice, but they usually get it right."Should judges be elected or appointed? Is merit selection an effective compromise?
After giving an employee a performance evaluation, the supervisor awarded the employee with a 4% merit increase.  If the employee's hourly salary is presently $7.10, what will the hourly salary be with this increase?
