Given an interconnect structure driven by an inverter as shown in Fig. 4(a). The capacitance and resistance of each segment of size LxW is 20 fF and 50 Ohm, respectively. The load capacitances are also shown in the figure.          Assume the circuit speed is not fast enough. There are two possible ways to increase the speed as shown in Figures 4(b) and 4(c) respectively. In Fig. 4(b), the second segment of the interconnect is changed to a thin segment with size Lx(W/2). In Fig. 4(c), the normal-size gate is changed to a fat gate where the gate width (i.e., both P and N transistors) is doubled. Assume the normal-size inverter gate has P (N) transistor with resistance 1000 (500) Ohm and parasitic capacitance 5fF. By doubling the width of the P (N) transistor of the inverter, you have its resistance halved and parasitic capacitance doubled. Use the Elmore delay model and Pai model for interconnects to calculate the delays for both circuits in Fig. 4(b) and 4(c), when the inverter output makes a rising transition. Which version has smaller circuit delay? (Note that your solution will NOT be graded if you use T model.)       The following equations are provided for (b) and (c) below.    (a) Which version has smaller Pdyn? Explain. (b) Which version has smaller Pshort? Explain. (b) Which version has smaller Pleak (subthreshold)? Explain?
For the patient in question # 118: The intervention MOST likely to be effective is:
The American Heart Association guidelines define a child as
Describe the three processes that ensure genetic uniqueness of gametes and offspring?  When does each of these processes occur during meiosis?  Be sure to answer in complete sentences.  (4 points)
Jose invested $2,500 in pre-tax income into this healthcare plan but lost the $780 left in it at the end of the year because he didn't use it. What type of plan was it?
Which of the following is not a contraindication to enteral feeding?
The vast majority of all medicines are taken orally.
What is contained inside the structure labeled "5"?
Hubble's Law tells us that
The nurse should report which assessment finding immediately to the health care provider
Extreme dryness of the mouth is known as:
3.2.   Study Figure 11 below showing the urban hierarchy of three urban settlements. Right-click on the button below to open FIGURE 11 in a new tab.
The nurse places the hands on and applies downward pressure over both shoulders while instructing the patient to shrug his or her shoulders. The nurse is assessing which cranial nerve?
Which of the following examination strategies is most applicable if the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) intends to review the CAMELS activities of a financial institution?
________ is a state of equilibrium, in which biological conditions (such as body temperature) are maintained at optimal levels.
The chart below gives the number of vehicle tags sold in each city.  If one car is selected at random from the cars with vehicle tags from these cities, what is the probability that the car is from Salem?  Round your answer to four decimal places.
Question 20 and 21 concern a 28-week-old paediatric patient, who weighs 8.2kg. The child is admitted to hospital with a temperature of 39degC and is diagnosed with pyelonephritis.
At one point Arnold Friend tries to bow in mock politeness as he stands at Connie's screen door; however, he stumbles and almost falls over. What causes him to lose his balance?
Which of the following is not a property of an electron?
A postsurgical patient's complaints of calf pain combined with the emergence of swelling and redness in the area have culminated in a diagnosis of deep vein thrombosis. What treatment options will be of greatest benefit to this patient?
