A poll to estimate a binomial proportion with 95% confidence is conducted with a sample of n=1100 randomly selected subjects. What is the maximum margin of error for the poll?
Master Auto Parts has a standard labor rate of $10.50 per hour. In September, the company produced 10,000 gears using 24,000 labor hours. The company experienced a favorable labor rate variance of $18,000 during September. How much is Master Auto Parts' actual labor rate per hour?
Extra-credit question: up to ten points are possible. Explain what James Rachels call the cultural differences argument. Why might someone find it compelling? Explain Rachels' objection to that argument.
A college student is admitted to the hospital with a severe headache. Which finding in the student's history is consistent with the diagnosis of meningitis?
Which of the following molecules do you expect to be polar? You may need to draw the molecular geometries of each of the molecules to make this determination.  Select all correct answers.
Which of the following does NOT contribute to a pathogen's invasiveness?
Of the two main sources of embryos, which requires AI to be produced?
Your patient will be cardioverted at 0900. You know the patient understands the procedure when they state:
Daft defines ________ as the attainment of organizational goals in an efficient and effective manner through planning, organizing, leading, and controlling organizational resources.
The nurse evaluates that a client diagnosed with obstructing left ureterolithiasis may have passed the calculus in the urine when which outcome has been achieved?
It includes the processor, peripherals, and I/Os on the same chip.
A lateral projection is the best way to demonstrate:
The relative position of the Sun is a major factor in heat gain in buildings, which makes accurate orientation of the building a fundamental consideration in passive solar construction.
Smith & Sons is a family owned auto body shop. Which of the following is a "variable" production cost for Smith & Sons?
True or False: Once you begin having sex, you loose the right to say 'no' and stop intercourse.
Tomasz uses the love language of gifts when he tells his girlfriend Amy she looks beautiful.
oro, orare, oravi, oratum
For the maximum flow problem below (from node 1 to node 8), give the value for the maximum flow and identify the minimum cut. You do not have to follow a particular algorithm (it is ok to just guess the solution).  Use the following parameter values: a = [a], b = [b], c = [c], d = [d]. On your paper draw the network with your parameters plugged in. In the field below, type in the value of the minimal cut. Flow-3.pdf
What was the Second Red Scare?  How was it different from the Red Scare after WWI?  Who is mostly associated with it?  What happened to him after things died down?
The monetary base is:
