Use the article below, entitled "Brain Knows How to Stop Thinking, Start Learning," to answer the question that follows. Brain knows how to stop thinking, start learning By Geoffrey Mohan Adapted from the Los Angeles Times Anyone who's ever learned music probably remembers reaching a point when they just played without "thinking" about the notes. It turns out that a little bit of disconnect goes a long way in learning motor tasks, according to a study published online Monday in the journal Nature Neuroscience. The findings could lend insight into why children learn some tasks faster than adults, and could point toward ways to help adults learn faster and to make classrooms more conducive to learning, according to the authors. Brain researchers at UC Santa Barbara repeatedly scanned the brains of volunteers as they spent several weeks practicing and learning six 10-note sequences. Then they looked at the evolution of how certain "modules" appeared to work together or became disengaged from each other. Not surprisingly, motor and visual modules did a lot of talking to each other, as slow sight-reading eventually became speed-playing. Subjects recruited other regions of the brain to work out the problem, too. That was true for fast learners and slow learners, according to the study. But what appeared to set the fast learners apart from the slow learners was how soon they let go of those other parts of the brain, particularly areas that have to do with strategies and problem solving. "Any athlete will tell you this: If you're competent at something and you start thinking about it, especially at a detailed level, you're just dead in the water," said UC Santa Barbara systems neuroscientist Scott Grafton, who has puzzled over motor learning for two decades. "Golfers talk about this all the time. It's OK for practice, but not for performance conditions." This time, Grafton collaborated with a physicist -- and now a MacArthur Fellow -- who specializes in complex systems theory. Danielle Bassett, now at the University of Pennsylvania's bioengineering department, broke up the brain images into 112 nodes and reorganized them into complicated matrices to reveal the equivalent of social networks. Then she analyzed how these evolved over time, and how that predicted differences in learning. That reshuffling revealed a more dynamic map of the brain, characterized by recruitment, integration and shifting allegiances over time. "If people are learning and changing their behavior, then there must be something that's changing in their brain," Bassett said. "The brain can't be constant. It has to be changing in some way." Motor and visual modules, they found, were well integrated across all subjects and for much of the early practice sessions. But soon, they became more autonomous. "As people learned the sequences over and over again, they seemed to not necessarily need that coupling anymore." The disconnection that appeared to be driving the difference in learning came mainly from the frontal and anterior cingulate cortex. Those are associated with cognitive control -- such as identifying strategies. "These are important probably early on in learning, but you actually need to get them offline and disconnected if you want to complete learning," Bassett said. That result might offer an explanation for why children consistently learn certain tasks faster -- music among them. Areas of the brain involved in executive function are not fully developed and integrated in children, research has shown. Eventually, the study's techniques could help figure out what kind of classroom environment encourages children to learn faster, she added. Even more fundamentally, the mathematical modeling used in the study could transform the way neuroscientists map the brain. [END] Question: What specific types of evidence does the author use to support his claims? Are they reliable? Why or why not?
Our ____ offices are functional and cheerful.
In one sentence in English or Spanish, explain something that you would like to know more about after having watched this video.
According to the text, restaurant sales generally reach their maximum during __________.
2.5   Hoeveel afslag kry jy per nag as jy in 'n chalet slaap?   (1)
Trypsin assists in ___________ digestion.
Solve the inequality. Give the solution set in both interval and graph forms.z - 5 < -14
While escaping Scylla and Charybdis a second time, what heroic characteristics does Odysseus need to use?
Is die volgende stellings waar(true) of vals(false):     2.1   Kondensasie is wanneer energie bygevoeg  word en 'n gas verander na 'n vloeistof   (1)
Sarah, a staff nurse on your unit, witnesses another nurse striking a patient. Sarah wants to remain friends with her colleague and worries that confrontation will result destroying their friendship. Sarah is experiencing which type of conflict?
The mean rate for satellite television for sample of households was $49.00 per month, with a standard deviation of $2.50 per month. Using the Empirical Rule, find the missed value in the following interval if it contains 97.35% of all data values? (_____, 54) Show your work. Do not submit your work here. Hold up your work to the webcam when you are done. Once you have submitted the test, you will upload your work on a separate assignment which will unlock after completing this test.
Listen to the recording and answer the questions in Spanish in complete sentences.  Copy/paste the questions in the answer space and write your answers there.  1.  ?Quien es Don Fernando? 2.  ?Cuantos libros hay en el autobus? 3.  ?De donde son los turistas? 4.  ?Que hora es? (According to the recording) 5.  ?Cual es el numero de telefono del conductor?
According to PMBOK, managing the project team involves:
Involuntary movements are characteristic of ________cerebral palsy.
The "Lost Cause" idea in revisionism sought to emphasize the South's motivations as being primarily for
Bonus Question: Option (b) Directions: Question 26(b) is a free response question whose answer you must submit as a handwritten document. Write your solution on a sheet of paper with your name and student ID#, scan and upload your file as a single document. You must explain your reasoning thoroughly and show all relevant work to receive full points.  Write your solution on a sheet of paper with your name and student ID#, When you are ready to submit your entire exam (i.e., all 25 questions and the bonus question), alert your Honorlock proctor that you need permission to access your cellphone or scanning device and internet to scan and upload your free response solution using the Honorlock chat feature. Copy and paste this text into the Honorlock chat:  Hello Honorlock, I have completed all questions in my exam and I am ready to submit my free response question. Please allow me to use my mobile device to scan and upload my free response question, as well as grant access to use my email.   Scan and upload your free response question here. You will be allocated an additional 10 minutes to complete this process.  If for technical reasons you are unable to upload your bonus question through Canvas, email the solution to your bonus question immediately after the submission of your exam.   Submit exam.  By choosing this question, you agree to the following:  I have been granted permission by my instructor to use a cellphone or other mobile scanning device to scan and upload my free response question. The cellphone has not and will not be used for any other purpose. I have also been granted permission to use the internet only as a means to access the scanned document in my email. Students may also access file folders such as "Downloads" to access the scanned document for submission.        Question: A very particular local oyster bar allows customers to enter and order oysters only once a day (the owner requires ID and keeps track of customer visits). The oyster bar owner also allows customers to place only one order per visit. The profit-maximizing owner of the bar knows that there are two types of customers: those who are very hungry, and those who are only mildly hungry. The demand for oysters by any very hungry customer is given by P(q) = 30 - 2q while those who are mildly hungry have (individual) demand P(q) = 8 - q. Because the owner of the oyster bar can't easily determine who is a very hungry customer and who is not, she decides to sell oysters in packages. She offers a large package of 15 oysters and a small package of 8. The oyster bar owner receives all of the oysters for free from a sailor friend, so her marginal cost is MC = 0.  If the oyster bar owner wants the very hungry customers to buy the large package and the mildly hungry customers to buy the small package, what is the most the oyster bar owner can charge for the small package?  If the oyster bar owner wants the very hungry customers to buy the large package and the mildly hungry customers to buy the small package, what is the most the oyster bar owner can charge for the large package?
Given the following graph and data, how much heat is given off when the water at +85.00C is cooled to ice at (-)5.00C.  Specific Heat of steam        2.02J/gC                                                 Heat of vaporization = 40.8Kj/mol                                                             Specific Heat of water          4.186J/gC                                            Heat of fusion= 6.00Kj/mol Specific heat of ice                  2.06J/gC
If you had a solution that was 7.75 you would conclude that it was a neutral pH solution.
The following balance sheet information is provided for Gaynor Company:     Assets   Year 2   Year 1     Cash   $4,000   $2,000     Accounts receivable   15,000   12,000     Inventory   $35,000   $38,000     Assuming Year 2 cost of goods sold is $153,300, what is the company's inventory turnover?
Iorek purchased a hot-air balloon from Lee by giving him armor with a fair market value of $15,000 and assuming Lee's remaining debt worth $12,000. When Iorek gave the armor to Lee his basis in it was $2,500. Iorek paid $1,500 towards legal fees and commissions to complete the sale. What is Iorek's adjusted basis on the purchase?
