To express the concept of "or" in ASL, we use  [1]  with the sign [2].
Write the Hindu-Arabic numeral in expanded form.327,614
Select the statement equivalent to .
Place the following in correct sequence from most simple to most complex: 1. molecules 2. atoms 3. tissues 4. cells 5. organ
Which of the three U.S. regions has the greatest acreage of the forest land?
Beethoven's Immortal Beloved Letter: Summarize 3 Sections Since you were informed of this essay question before this exam, I hope you watched and listened to the video showing Beethoven struggling to hear the Moonlight Sonata as he played it on his piano.  The video clip came from a movie called "Immortal Beloved." Beethoven wrote a letter to the love of his life.  Nobody knows exactly who this woman was, although there are only a few possibilities.  She has become known as his "Immortal Beloved."  This letter was found in the composer's holdings after his death. I pasted three sections of the letter below.   First Section:6th of July in the morning. My angel, my everything, my very self. - Only a few words today, and with a pencil (with yours) - only tomorrow will my accommodation be known with certainty, what a worthless waste of time like this. - Why this deep grief, where necessity speaks. - Can our love exist but by sacrifices, by not demanding everything, can you change it, that you are not completely mine, that I am not completely yours. - Oh God, look upon beautiful Nature and calm your mind about what must be. - Love demands everything and completely, and with good reason, that is how it is for me with you, and for you with me. - Only you forget too easily, that I must live for myself and for you as well, if we were wholly united, you would not feel this as painfully, just as little as I would. - My journey was terrible, I did not arrive here until yesterday morning at 4 o'clock; there was a lack of horses, therefore the mail coach chose a different route, but what a terrible road, at the last but one stop I was warned not to travel by night, they made me fear a forest, but that only tempted me even more - and I was wrong, the car broke down on the terrible road, bottomless, country track,  without such postilions as I had, I would have been left stranded. - However, I derived also some pleasure from this, as always, when I have overcome some difficulty. - Now quickly from the exterior to the interior. We will probably see each other soon, only, today I cannot convey to you my observations which I made during these few days about my life - would our hearts always be close to each other, I probably would have no such thoughts. My heart is full with so much to tell you - Oh - There are moments when I feel that language is nothing at all - Cheer up - Remain my faithful only darling, my everything, as I for you; the rest is up to the Gods, what must be for us and what is in store for us. -your faithful ludwig - Second Section:Monday evening on the 6th of July - You are suffering, you my dearest creature - Only now do I realize that letters must be posted early in the morning. Mondays - Thursdays - the only days when the mail coach goes from here to K. - You are suffering. - Oh, wherever I am, you are with me, I talk to myself and to you, arrange [it] that I can live with you - what a life!!!! as it is!!!! without you - Haunted by the kindness of people here and there that, I believe, I do not deserve and do not wish to deserve. - Humility of man towards man - it pains me - and when I look at myself in the context of the universe, what am I and what is He - who is called the Greatest - and yet - herein is again the divine in mankind. - I weep when I think that you will probably not before Saturday receive the first message from me. - As much as you love me - I love you even more deeply - but - but never hide yourself from me. - Good night - bathing I must go to sleep - . - Oh God - so near! so far! Is not our love a true edifice in Heaven - but also as firm as the firmament. Third Section:Good morning on the 7th of July. While still in bed my thoughts turn towards you my Immortal Beloved, now and then happy, then sad again, waiting whether Fate might answer us. - I can only live either wholly with you or not at all, yes, I have resolved to stray about far away until I can fly into your arms, and feel at home with you, and send my soul embraced by you into the realm of the Spirits. - Yes, unfortunately it must be. - You will compose yourself, all the more since you know my faithfulness to you, never can another own my heart, never - never. - Oh God why do I have to separate from someone whom I love so much, and yet my life in Vienna as it is now is a miserable life. - Your love makes me at once most happy and most unhappy. - At my age, I would now need some conformity regularity in my life - can this exist in our relationship? - Angel, I just learned that the post goes every day - and I must therefore conclude so that you get the letter straightway - be patient, only through quiet contemplation of our existence can we achieve our purpose to live together - be calm - love me - today - yesterday. - What yearning with tears for you - you - you - my life - my everything - farewell - oh continue to love me - never misjudge the most faithful heart of your Beloved Forever thineforever mineforever us. - - - - - - -   Your assignment is: Summarize in your own words what Beethoven wrote to his beloved, in each of the three sections above.  When you finish, you should have written 3 short summaries, since there are 3 different parts of this love letter. Minimum: 100 words for all 3 summaries. I expect you to write in complete sentences. Be good scholars. - - - Compose your essay in the text field box below - - -
write a one-line expression using the re module that will return a list of all "City, State" strings in the given string. City will start with a capital letter. State will always be only two capital letters. Target string: target = "I moved from Atlanta, GA to Seattle, WA. Previously, I was in Austin, TX." Expected result:["Atlanta, GA", "Seattle, WA", "Austin, TX"]
Departments that have successfully implemented community policing generally have:
Kaitlyn reacts aluminum sulfate with calcium hydroxide in water to form solid aluminum hydroxide and aqueous calcium sulfate according to this unbalanced equation..
Unas preguntas.   Lupe and Elia are shopping for gifts during a vacation in Central America. Answer each question that Lupe asks Elia, replacing the direct object noun with a direct object pronoun.   MODELO       ?Quieres esta camisa?                         Si, la quiero.   ?Tienes la falda y la blusa?
Identify the muscle indicated by the heart.
Identify the Group of Cells at "A"
Of the choices provided, what is the 3rd step in the RAAS pathway?
This large fly with uniquely shaped antennae was found feeding along the backs of cattle in ID the parasitic fly Genus (common name).
PART II - BONUS QUESTIONS  The following are bonus questions. Points WILL NOT be deducted, even if you answer the questions wrong. Osteoporosis is a disease process that results in the thinning of the matrix. A patient is taking Calcitonin for osteoporosis. The patient should be monitored for ______.
Structural homologies are useful for constructing phylogenetic trees, but molecular data is less useful because there is little variation between closely related organisms.
The ________ operator is used to combine the output from multiple queries into a single result table.
Mr. Adams appears tired and anxious after a short walk in the hallway. He tells you that he "can't catch his breath." You correctly report this as:
Answer 3 of the following 4 questions (10 points each). List your choices in the space below.  Option A. Let  and  be sets.  Prove the following from first principles (prove via set theory without citing other set theory theorems)
A nurse is caring for a patient threatening to commit suicide by hanging. The patient states, "I'm going to use a knotted shower curtain when no one is around," Which information will determine the nurse's plan of care for this patient?
