For question 2, identify ONE (ONLY!) of the following quotations by **author AND work / title** (.5 points each for title of work and for author [if known; if no author for the work has been identified by experts, write "unknown" or "anonymous]).  Then discuss how and why the passage is thematically significant to the work as a whole (3 points).  Be sure that in explaining the thematic significance of the quotes you do not simply paraphrase them (repeat what they say in different words).  Also **be certain to write next to your answer the letter (a or b) corresponding to the quote that you select (a prerequisite for receiving credit).**   a)  " 'On them I impose no limits of time or place.  I have given them an empire that will know no end. . . .  Then wars will be laid aside and the years of bitterness will be over. . . .   The dread Gates of War with their tight fastenings of steel will then be closed, and godless Strife will sit inside them . . . , hands shackled behind his back with a hundred bands of bronze.' " b)  "'Our constitution does not copy the laws of neighbouring states; we are rather a pattern to others than imitators ourselves.  Its administration favours the many instead of the few; this is why it is called a democracy.  If we look to the laws, they afford equal justice to all in their private differences; if to social standing advancement in public life falls to reputation for capacity, class considerations not being allowed to interfere with merit; nor again does poverty bar the way: if a man is able to serve the state, he is not hindered by the obscurity of his condition.  The freedom which we enjoy in our government extends also to our ordinary life.'" c)     " 'These roofs--look up--there is a dancing troupe / that never leaves. . . .    Flushed on the blood of men / their spirit grows and none can turn away    their revel breeding in the veins--the Furies! / They cling to the house for life.  They sing,    sing of the frenzy that began it all, . . . / showering curses /    on the man who tramples his brother's bed. /    . . . .Swear how well I know the ancient crimes / that live within this house.' "  (4 points for Question #2)   Your answers to Question 2: Quote identifying (specify a, b, or c): author: work: Explain how and why the passage is thematically significant to the work as a whole:
According to the assigned reading by Mary Rowlandson, how did Rowlandson's eldest sister respond after seeing that her son William was dead and Rowlandson herself had been wounded?
At the peak of an action potential (+30 mV),
Who became the first de facto president of the Republic of China?
All of the following are microeconomic consequences of inflation except
Name this structure (tube).
Which phrase should the nurse recommend to explain death of a Grandparent to a 3-year-old child?
Explain how you would recode the variable age from the National Obesity Study Codebook (above) to a lower level of measurement AND identify the name of that new level of measurement. There is 1 point of extra credit possible for this question; 0.75 points for accurate recoding and 0.25 points for identifying the new level of measurement.
Please match the right side with the left side.
Which of the following would be an example of an intervention in the "referral and practice" section of the wheel with the level of practice being "individual"?
Determine the initial volume needed to generate 2.50 L of 1.50 M HNO3 from 2.50 M HNO3 by dilution.
A 4 year old male, intact golden retriever presents for a left maxillary mass. A biopsy is scheduled for the following week. At the time of the biopsy, the mass has doubled in size and is now ulcerated and bleeding. An incisional biopsy is performed and the histopathology results describe a low grade fibrosarcoma. Which of the following treatment options provides the best chances for tumor control?
What is the product of tube current and exposure time?
Dysmenorrhea refers to:
The caregiver will need to play the role of observer at all times because falls and spills are normal as toddlers first begin to master walking.
Relaxation of smooth airway muscle in the presence of reversible airflow obstruction is a general indication for the use of:
One of the goal to Interest Rate Hedging seeks to
A home care nurse is teaching meal-planning to a client's son who is caring for his mother during her recovery from hip replacement surgery. Which of the following meals indicates that the son understands the concept of nutrition, based on the U.S. Department of Agriculture's MyPlate?
The nurse needs to identify clients at high risk for an adverse drug reaction (ADR). Which data sources should the nurse include in the patient assessment? ( Select all that apply)
What provides additional functionality to the operating system?
