Out of the questions below, choose 2 of the following questions to answer.  Be sure to fully develop each response.  Each one is worth 5 points.  Please note which question you are answering. (100-200 words suggested)  Choose a specific element (character, scene, event) in both Austen's original and McDermid's adaptation of Northanger Abbey. Compare and contrast the element.  Did McDermid make any changes?  Why do you think she made the decisions she did?  Be specific.    We discussed how Austen is known for her social commentary. We also saw examples of this in Eligible.  Do you think McDermid is providing any social commentary?  If so, provide examples.  If not, why do you think she chose not to do so?  Austen was writing during the time now known as the Romantic Era. In what ways is she representative of this era?  Provide examples.  Are there any ways she doesn't fit this time?  You may include examples from any of Austen's work you are familiar with.  We discussed that Northanger Abbey is Austen's parody of a gothic novel. What are characteristics of a parody?  What are examples of those in Northanger Abbey?  We spent a whole semester focused mainly on Jane Austen. What did you learn about her that you find significant? What did you learn that you can apply to your future understanding of literature?  You may include examples from either novel we read or additional information about Austen.  We read not only two examples of classic literature, but also modern adaptations of those works. Why does someone choose to adapt a classic novel (or any work)?  In what ways did reading adaptations add to your understanding of the originals?  Is there any downside to reading adaptations? You may include examples from either adaption we read.
The clinical presentation of a stimulant abuser includes
Multiple Choice Question :  Which of the following techniques is least effective for identifying radical innovations?
Which of the following is not part of a "final accuracy check" when creating relational tables from an REA diagram?
A shift from fossil fuels to other electrical generating technologies such as nuclear or hydroelectric would:
The pancreatic islet cells which produce insulin are the beta cells
30. Filtration occurs in the
Focusing your attention on understanding paragraph elements involves
A fixed asset with a five-year estimated useful life and no scrap value is sold at the end of the second year of its useful life. How would using the straight-line method of depreciation instead of the double-declining balance method of depreciation affect a gain or loss on the sale of the plant asset?
Erasmus of Rotterdam
What is in the image below [A], what type of organism has this [B], and what is the primary function [C]?
6.2 Bobster slaag daarin om in 'n boot te klim en dryf op die waterstroom. Terwyl hy in die boot is, kyk hy na sy facebook en vind die volgende nuusartikel:            Die provinsie Mpumalanga was een van die gebiede in Suid-Afrika wat die ergste deur die tropiese storm Eloise geraak is. Op 4 Februarie het die regering van die Mpumalanga-provinsie bevestig dat tien mense gesterf het 'tydens die swaar reen wat gevolg het op die tropiese storm wat die provinsie verlede week (25 tot 31 Januarie 2021) bereik het. Die meeste sterftes was te danke aan verdrinking as gevolg van die oorstroomde riviere. " Die departement van samewerkende regering (COGTA) van die provinsie het gese dat paaie en brue in onder meer Mbombela, Bushbuckridge en Nkomazi weggespoel het. Meer swaar reen het die afgelope dae geval. Komatidraai het binne 24 uur tot 13 Februarie 130 mm reen aangeteken.               Source: http://floodlist.com/africa/south-africa-floods-january-february-2021
According to the text, how many key expectations do educators have of students?
How much memory would be allocated for each instance of union ut1? Assume union is defined as shown here and each data member must aligned based on data member's type and total size must be a multiple of its largest data member's size. union ut1 {     short s[6];     char c[8]; };  What is the total size of the union ut1?
Muscles fatigue is likely a buildup of __________.
The speaker's eldest brother is a college student.
Which of the following is seen with Buspirone (BuSpar) but is not seen with Diazepam (Valium)?
Ms. Sylvan paid an advance deposit of $300 when she reserved a room at the Convention Center Hotel. Upon check-in, her account would have a:
A medical assistant is collecting a specimen for testing. When is it appropriate for the medical assistant to label the specimen?
Antenna 1 is 5.75 m tall and has a diameter of 2.00 cm and emits signals cylindrically outward. This antenna emits 950 W of power and it does not emit signals above or below it. Antenna 2 is 1.25 m tall and has a diameter of 2.25 mm and is parallel to Antenna 1. If the two antennae are 75.0 m apart, how much power is absorbed by Antenna 2? The area of a cylinder is A=2prL{"version":"1.1","math":"A=2prL"}.
