If natural selection does not explain evolution at the molecular level, then what mechanism is responsible for rapid, clocklike sequence change?
___________ is a key development concept that involves the provision of aid and other assistance to regions which are less economically developed.
The dentist has just hired a new assistant. She has not had any formal training. He would like her to be trained immediately to be a radiographer. You are permitted to provide her with on-the-job training as part of her certification provided
What does the formula C6H12O6 mean?
DIRECTIONS: Read the passage and answer the questions.   We Are Cyborgs 1  RoboCop, the Bionic Woman, Darth Vader--what do these characters have in common? They are all cyborgs--humans who are made more powerful by advanced technology. You might think that cyborgs exist only in fiction, or are a possibility only in the distant future. But cyborg technology already exists. DEFINING CYBORGS 2  The word cyborg--a short form of "cybernetic1 organism"--was first used in a 1960 paper on space travel. A cyborg was defined as an organism "to which [external] components have been added for the purpose of adapting to new . . . environments." According to this definition, an astronaut in a spacesuit is an example of a cyborg, as the spacesuit helps the astronaut adapt to a new environment--space. More recently, the word has evolved to refer to human beings who have mechanical body parts that make them more than human. REAL-LIFE CYBORGS 3  Although super-humans like RoboCop are not yet a reality, advances in real-life cyborg technology allow some people to compensate for abilities they have lost, and give other people new and unusual abilities. An example is filmmaker Rob Spence and his bionic2 eye. Spence injured one of his eyes in an accident. Instead of replacing his damaged eye with the typical glass eye, Spence had a prosthetic3 eye with a camera implanted in his eye socket. The eye is not connected to Spence's brain or optic nerve,4 but it can record what Spence sees. Spence has used his camera eye to record interviews for a documentary about people with bionic body parts. 4  A more advanced type of bionic eye, called Argus II, was used for the first time by Larry Hester. A disease of the eye left Hester blind and in total darkness for over 30 years. But in September 2014, the 66-year-old was able to see again. The device consists of an implant in his left eye that connects his optic nerve to a pair of special glasses. When the device is turned on, it allows Hester to see light. Although his vision isn't completely restored, Hester can make out the shapes of objects, allowing him to see a world that had been in darkness for over three decades. 5  Some types of cyborg technology replace a lost ability by connecting directly to a person's nerves. Born partially deaf, Michael Chorost completely and suddenly lost his ability to hear in July of 2001. Two months later, doctors placed a cochlear implant, a kind of computer, inside his skull. This type of implant connects to auditory nerves5 and allows a deaf person to hear again. While Chorost's hearing isn't perfect, he continues to upgrade his implant as researchers improve the technology. Around the world, over 300,000 people have now been fitted with cochlear implants. 6  Steve Mann's cyborg technology changes an existing ability. In 1981, Mann, a researcher and inventor, created 36 kilograms (80 pounds) of wearable computer equipment that allowed him to change his reality. If Mann didn't want to see certain kinds of advertisements, his computer equipment would cover those advertisements with things that he actually wanted to see. So if he looked at a cigarette ad, for example, he would instead see an article that he wanted to read. In the 1990s, Mann reduced his computer equipment down to the size of a pair of glasses. Mann's device, the EyeTap, is now permanently attached to his head. ARE WE ALL CYBORGS? 7  These examples of cyborg technology have enabled people to enhance or change their abilities and improve their lives. But does everyone want to utilize cyborg technology? It might be too late to decide. Cyborg anthropologist6 Amber Case argues that most of us are already cyborgs. 8  Anyone who uses a computer or a smartphone, Case claims, is a cyborg. Consider the data that you have in your smartphone. It keeps information for you so you don't have to remember it: notes, phone numbers, email addresses, messages. It also allows you to communicate with friends and family via telephone, text messages, email, and social networks like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Tumblr. Your computer and smartphone give you abilities that you would not otherwise have. 9  The potential benefits of cyborg technology are evident, but can this new technology be harmful, too? For example, when Steve Mann's EyeTap was forcibly removed at an airport, he had trouble walking and couldn't see correctly without it. The technology that had given him new abilities had apparently affected his abilities to walk and see. What might happen if, or when, more of us start to use devices like the EyeTap? Could we become too dependent on cyborg technology--and become less than human?   1cybernetic: adj. relating to the connections between biological, mechanical, and electronic systems 2bionic: adj. using mechanical and/or electrical devices to increase a person's ability 3prosthetic: adj. relating to an artificial body part 4optic nerve: n. a nerve that sends visual information from the retina to the brain 5auditory nerves: n. nerves that send sound information from the ear to the brain 6anthropologist: n. a scientist who studies people, society, and culture
The nurse teaching a young women's community service group about breast self-examination (BSE) will include that
What is "Eudaimonia" (be specific)?
You are the owner of a hardware store and are considering the addition of a gardening center. The garden center as a standalone project has an NPV of ($10,000). However, the addition of the garden center is estimated to boost sales at the hardware store by $100,000 next year and these revenues will increase 5% per year thereafter (into perpetuity). The pretax operating margin on these sales is 10%. Assume a tax rate of 40% and a cost of capital of 8%. What is the present value of this synergy benefit?
The techs duties include all of the following EXCEPT:
The process of drawing meaning from the symbols that were used to encode a message is called:
Weather forecasting could theoretically be perfect if (check all that apply):
Which level of organization is the basic unit of life?
It was once believed that giraffes gained their long necks by stretching their necks over the course of their lives to reach the higher leaves on trees, with each offspring starting out back at the baseline neck length. Is this change in neck length over the course of a giraffe's life an example of evolution? Support your answer with scientific thinking explaining why or why not.
What month are general elections held?
Which of the following is an example of a sustaining technology?
The acceptable value of electron output constancy quality assurance is ____________during monthly dosimetry procedures of the linear accelerator.
Which of the following is the author's purpose for the last paragraph?
Possibly caused by persistent diarrhea or untreated diabetes mellitus.
In class we have discussed the difference between health condition (often the outcome we are trying to improve) and health behavior. Indicate whether each of the below are an A: Condition ; B: Behavior ; C. Healthy People 2020 Topic
Assume that pencils and pens are substitutes. If the price of pens fall, then we will see
