Quiz #2Major Sentence errors. Identify and fix the major sentence errors in the following.First, using these correction symbols, identify what the error is: SF = sentence fragmentCS = comma spliceFS = fused sentence example: 1.  There was something beneath the hat that gave him away, a gleam of dark Argentine hair.1.  SF.  fixed:  A gleam of dark Argentine hair beneath the hat gave him away.   1.  A guard sleeps at night in the old mansion it has been condemned as a dwelling by the state fire marshall. 2.  I'm tired from days of soccer training, however, I tutored my sister in grammar anyway. 3.  A comma splice occurs when two complete sentences are joined only by a comma, a good writer must remember that rule. 4.  The apartment is too small she has no room for a treadmill and exercise bike. 5.   I was trying to read the directions on the tent. Which were confusing and absurd. 6.  Soon I began to work for the company. First in the rock pit and then on the highway. 7.  My cat Buster loves to nap on warm spots when he sleeps on top of the sofa, his tail swipes the fabric like a windshield wiper. 8.  The airplane managed to make the difficult double-loop maneuver.After the tail section had been redesigned. 9.  The decision to make a new diet came to him easily.  Despite his old habits.   10.   I decided to give skiing a try.  After, I had grown tired of watching other people fall. 11.   Sexual harassment is not just a women's issue, after all, men can be sexually harassed too. 12.   The nineteenth century European imperialists left arbitrarily drawn boundaries in Africa; therefore, each country is composed of a mix of languages and cultures. 13.  Between the islands of North and South Bimini is a five-mile long, two-mile wide lagoon. Except for the deep waters near Alicetown, the lagoon averages three feet deep. 14.  The apparent ease of California life is an illusion, people who believe the illusion is real live here only in a temporary way. 15.  Because Tom had forgotten.  He noticed that two cans of beer had exploded when he opened the freezer door.   16.  A still more adventurous path was taken by saxophonist Ornette Coleman.  Who established a style of improvisation which discarded most traditional notions of harmony. 17.  There have been violinists who were able to play with jazz-feeling.  Several from the 1930's, in big bands. 18.  Dexter goes hunting he carries a camera instead of a rifle. 19.  The tiny storms cannot be identified as hurricanes therefore they are called neutercanes. 20.  In this report I merely record my lasting impressions, which in no way contradict Smith's record, there were no reproaches or recriminations. BONUS: 1.  What is a phrase? 2.  Define "subordinate" or "dependent"  clause.
A sarcomere is ________.
The normal adult has how many teeth?
Looking at the titration curve, what is the approximate pKa of the acid?
The nurse has administered prescribed IV mannitol (Osmitrol) to an unconscious patient. Which parameter should the nurse monitor to determine the medication's effectiveness?
Francis has created the documentation for the project she has been working on with colleagues on her team. What type of collaboration tool should she use to share the documentation?
The reason that collusion is a difficult strategy to maintain over time is because the parties to the collusion have strong incentives to cheat on these cooperative agreements.
It is not absolutely necessary to consume the fat-soluble vitamins every day because they:
How is Helen's current situation similar to that of her dead sister's?
Your answers should appear completely on your work. Please enter your initials in the blank. The work function for calcium is 2.9 eV. If 2.6x10-10 J of 188 nm light is absorbed by a plate of calcium, A) how many photons are absorbed? B) up to how many electrons could be ejected? C) what is the kinetic energy of the ejected electrons?
-itis; suffix meaning inflammation of
Which of the following are necessary for the construction of closed-ended questions?
The human BRCA1 gene is greatly disrupted by
The news of Yorktown inspired the British to:
A patient with a left-brain stroke suddenly bursts into tears when family members visit. How should the nurse respond?
Which of the following deviations/compensations would you associate with weakness in the dorsi flexor muscles?
Tubular secretion occurs in which of the following structures:
Which group of fishes evolved first?
Which muscle fiber type is largest in diameter and relies primarily on anaerobic energy sources?
A deficient intake of ________________________ is known to cause osteoporosis or rickets
