This is a multi-part free-response question. For text answers, you may type in your answer in the essay box. Or you may write down your answer (including calculations, illustrations, diagrams, etc.) on a piece of blank paper. Show your answer to your camera for a few seconds once you're done with this question, and within 10 minutes after you have completed the entire exam in Honorlock, scan all your hand-written answers and send to Dr. Xue (jxue@mse.ufl.edu).   Bulk crystal growth (16 points) (a) Please describe the major steps involved in the Czochralski growth process for growing bulk silicon crystals starting from electronic grade silicon. (6 points) (b) If we want to grow compound semiconductors such as GaAs, what modifications are needed for the Czochralski process? (5 points) (c) There will be significant amount of silicon vacancies formed during the single crystal growth. When the crystal is cooled, the equilibrium concentration of vacancies will be significantly reduced. However, the excess vacancies may coalesce into circular loops on {111} planes. Assuming that these loops have a diameter of 10 nm, please calculate the number of loops/cm3 that would form from these excess vacancies in a silicon crystal after it is cooled from a temperature of 1400degC to 800degC. The formation energy of silicon vacancies is 2.3 eV.   (5 points)
When a supervising lawyer delegates the drafting of a letter to a paralegal, the lawyer's ethical responsibilities end and the paralegal becomes liable for ethical violations.
How many symphonies did Beethoven write?
The ____ function determines the lowest number in a range.
According to the passage, why did the author begin scavenging?   He lost his job. He was homeless. He wanted a more comfortable life. He was putting almost all his money into rent.
This is the end of the exam. Be sure to check over your answers. When you feel confident in your work, click "Submit Quiz" to finish the exam and view your score.
Dermal papillae are interlocking grooves between the dermis and epidermis that give rise to our fingerprints.
Which of the following rights was NOT gained for women during the Victorian Age?
10-K reports are:
The benefits of a coding compliance plan include the following:
A clash over taxes between Texans and Mexico occurred at the port of Anahuac, located at the mouth of the Trinity River.
Which of the following is the main red grape in Tuscany?
Of the following, which describes a diverticulum of the fossa glandis?a.    Urethral sinusb.    Preputial cavityc.    Preputial diverticulumd.    Bulb of the penis
Competitive scope describes the breadth of the target market the organization wishes to serve.
What is the arrangement of the bacteria in the image below?
A goods issue, unlike a goods receipt, results in a decrease in inventory.
Below is the pedigree of a family where some individuals are affected with a mild condition of the skin (this is the same pedigree that you saw in Q19). What is the genotype of individual III-4?
1.1.5   DNA finger printing... A. is a technique that represents the DNA of an individual B. uses repetitive sequences in non-coding DNA C. has become a valuable tool in forensic science D. A, B and C above   (2)
18. (5 points) Rewrite the expression with a positive exponent. Simplify if possible. (a)
An accused has the right to waive the assistance of counsel and represent him or herself.
