The prescriber has order promethazine (Phenergan)  20 mg IM every 6 hours for a patient weighing 45 kg. Dosage range:  0.25-0.5 mg/kg/dose.  The pharmacy has supplied promethazine 25 mg/mL. How many mL should the nurse administer to the patient?  [mL] (numerical value only to the tenth) Should the nurse administer this medication and why?  [reason] Select letter A, B, or C only                        A - Yes, Rx is within SDR                        B - No Rx is too high                        C - No, Rx is too low
I certify that I understand that I am not allowed to use any outside help, I am not allowed to use my cellphone or hand held calculator.  I certify that I have performed a FULL 360 degree view of my surrounding space including the space on the surface around my lap/top or computer. I understand that any non adherence with this will result in a 0 on the exam and a possible write up for academic dishonesty which can lead up to termination from the nursing program.
What is the correct name for the compound NaHCO3
How many 4'x8' gypsum boards are needed for the ceiling in this building?
The chemical structures of natural compounds like Taxol must be elucidated before chemists can work on synthesizing them. Which of the following techniques can help to confirm the structures of the compounds?
The alimentary canal is made up of the same four basic layers. Arrange them in order starting from the lumen.
Wet markets are called such because:
ABC Company sold a piece of equipment for $15,000 cash. The original cost of the asset was $50,000 and the accumulated depreciation for the equipment was $40,000. Which of the following entries would the company use to record the sale of the asset?
Which of the following enzymes is specific for proteins?
The use of a physical or chemical process to destroy vegetative pathogens, but not spores, can be referred to as:  (choose all that are correct)
This quiz consists of both multiple choice and fill in the blank questions. When asked to perform a calculation and record your answer, enter only the numeric answer. Do not enter the unit of measurement, for example:    Correct Incorrect   7 7 g   55.5 55.5 grams   969 969  g/mL    Additionally, pay close attention to any instructions in the question including statements directing you to record the answer to a specific decimal place.
The base ten decimal 18.5 could be written in base six as:
Why is Joachim Georg Kroll, the Laundry Room Killer, of particular interest to German profilers?
For thousands of years various _____  have presented people with explanations of their place in world, their relationship to the gods and to the rest of creation.
Saturn Systems, an electronic goods manufacturer, sells its LED bulbs to Shockwave Enterprise, which in turn sells those bulbs to final consumers. In this scenario, Shockwave Enterprise is a _____.
Which nursing intervention will the nurse use to prevent complications of immobility in a patient who has brain ischemia due to an intracerebral hemmorage?
Autoimmune disorders are characterized by immune destruction of self tissues.  The underlying basis of these disorders is
When considering the core characteristics of an employee voice system, correctness refers to
Calculate the amount of heat (in kJ) required to raise the temperature of a 86.0 g sample of ethanol from 198.0 K to 300.0 K.  The specific heat capacity of ethanol is 2.42 J/gdegC. Report your answer with ONE DECIMAL PLACE. [R] kJ
Autoantigens are types of self-antigens that initiate an autoimmune response that can cause damage to host tissue.
