A client being treated for shock has received a large volume of crystalloid fluids.  Which assessment findings would indicate that the fluid resuscitation have had a therapeutic effect?
Prescriptions must include which of the following information1. name of the drug2. patient's social security number3. drug dosage4. route of administration of the drug
QUESTION #2 (COLLEGE-LEVEL SPANISH INSTRUCTION, DRA. SOCARRAS) Application question: Analyze the Spanish class presented in the case study, according to the following topics.    Methodology/ approaches Theoretical assumption of the teacher (empiricist or rationalist) Task sequencing (Brandl, 2008): Input, assimilation, and task Role of the instructor and learners Role of L1 versus L2 Role and type of feedback (explicit versus implicit) Proficiency outcome prediction in terms of oral production, e.g., what learners would be able to produce at the end of the semester, if classes continue in this fashion.    Support all your answers with the content of the readings and discussions carried on in class and specific examples from the case study. For example, it is not enough to say the teacher is an empiricist, you need to define "empiricist" and then give evidence from the case study supporting the characteristics of this theoretical posture.   CASE STUDY: Spanish class PHASE I Teacher:            -Buenos dias. ?Como estan, bien? Bueno, hoy vamos a hablar de *la familia, la familia, ?si?  (Says, as he writes "familia" on the board). Vamos a hacer una Lluvia de ideas sobre la familia.  A ver. ?Quien me puede decir una palabra que describa a la familia? ?Recuerdan los adjetivos? Peter:                Importante. Teacher:            Muy bien, Peter. (Teacher says as he writes down the word on the board). Joy:                  Divertidou, muchous. (She says laughing). Teacher:            Es divertiDA y hay muchAS personas. ?Si? (Teacher says as he writes down the words on the board; student smiles, nodding.  After five or six more answers, the teacher says as he opens a power point presentation with pictures of his Puerto Rican family). Esta es mi familia. Tengo una familia muy grande (Opens arms to indicate how big his family is). Hay muchas personas en mi familia.  John, ?como es tu familia, grande o pequena?- John:                 -No se, huge!.- Teacher:            -Oh, es muy grande, John. (John nods) Bien, a ver... Susan, ?y tu familia, es grande o pequena?- Susan:               -Familia.- Teacher:            -Bien. Vamos a ver mas fotos.  Este es mi papa y esta es mi mama (Says pointing to his father and mother in the picture). Estos son mis siete hermanos. !Si, somos ocho hijos! (Shows 8 fingers to indicate eight; students open their eyes in reaction to the size of the family).  Tambien tengo quince tios, ocho maternos, por el lado de mi mama, y siete paternos, por el lado de mi papa (says as he points family members on the picture). En esta foto esta toda mi familia junta (makes gestures to indicate "together") en la cena de Nochebuena. ?Ven a mis abuelitos? (Pointing to the grandparents on the picture) !En esta cena habia cincuenta personas en la mesa! Muchas personas, ?si??Preguntas?- Kate:                 -What is "sin cuuueeenta"?- Teacher:            -?Cincuenta? Es un numero: diez, veinte, treinta, cuarenta y cincuenta. Kate:                 -Oh, fifty! Gracias. Teacher:            -Si, muy bien, cincuenta.- PHASE II Teacher:             -Muy bien. ?Mas preguntas? ?no? Ahora Uds. Van a hablar de su familia con un companero de clase. A ver, a trabajar en parejas (Shows two fingers to indicate "pairs" and passes a worksheet titled: Una descripcion de mi familia). Bien, tienen diez minutos para escribir 5 oraciones describiendo a su familia.- (Teacher says, showing five with his hand. He walks around answering questions; students seem somewhat lost; after ten minutes instructor calls for volunteers). PHASE III Kate:                 -Mi familia esta laarga. Pedro's familia esta pecueniia.- Teacher:            -Gracias Kate, entonces, tu familia es grande pero la familia de Pedro es pequena (States using gestures to indicate the two sizes). A ver... un poco mas de detalles. ?Tienes hermanos?- Kate:                 -Si, tengou cin cuuenta jermanous.- Teacher:            -!Cincuenta! (Says as he writes fifty on the board) Kate:                 -!Oh, no! Tengou cincou jermanos. Lo sientou.- Teacher:            - Bien Kate. ?Puedes repetir: Tengo cinco hermanos? Recuerda que la hache no suena en espanol. (Says pointing to the letter on the board) Kate:                 Oh, si, lo sientou. Tengou cincou hermanos.- (Says smiling). Teacher:            -Mucho mejor Kate, gracias. ?Y tu Joe, tienes hermanos?- Joe:                   -Nou.- Teacher:            -?Y tios? ?Tienes tios y tias? (Joe shakes his head to indicate no). Bien. Otros voluntarios. (Brooks and Carla raise their hands to participate). Si, Brooks y Carla.- Brooks:             -Carla's familia esta pecuenia y mi familia... big.- Teacher:            -Gracias Brooks. Entonces, la familia de Carla es pequena y tu familia es grande, si grande. (Students nod). Recuerden clase. En espanol decimos: La familia de... Por ejemplo, la familia de los Kardashian es interesante. (Says, as he writes on the board). ?Algo mas Carla? ?Tienes primos? Carla:                -Si, muchous.- (Class continues in this fashion.  At the end of the class, teacher feels frustrated because although students seem to understand the topic, they are not producing the new vocabulary about the family presented in this lesson). *Bold in the dialogue indicates the text was pronounced with emphasis.
The so-called "corrupt bargain" was negotiated between
A client presents in the mental health clinic saying, "I didn't expect it. They just told me this morning that I don't have a job any more. I can't think straight. I feel like I'm going crazy." The nurse documents that the client is experiencing which type of crisis?
How many bonding and non-bonding electron pairs are found around the 'boron' in the BF3 molecule?
Tony came to walk with Jose to school. When Jose saw Tony's notebook in his backpack, Jose rushed back into his house to retrieve his own notebook, which contained his homework. Jose's sensation upon seeing Tony's notebook became a perception, which triggered Jose's _____.
In order to put on a glove, the fingers are abducted by hand muscles called the
A shot in which the lens alters the angle/shot scale (distance from lens) in one take is called a
Which of the following would you expect to find in the body of a New Testament letter?
The difference between a reinforcer and a punisher is that
An individual sustains a left hemisphere cerebrovascular accident due to blockage to MCA. The individual could demonstrate ideomotor apraxia to _________ side.
In the resting state, the alpha subunit of the G Protein has ________ bound to it.
The United States buys automobiles from Japan and Germany and petroleum products from many OPEC nations. The United States thus engages in
What is gravity?
A writer can safely trust spell check and grammar check on a computer.
Which of the taxonomic groupings listed below is the largest and most inclusive?
Which part of the microscope will be used first to adjust the focus when starting with the lowest power lens?
Find the indicated probability. Round to the nearest thousandth.An unprepared student makes random guesses for the ten true-false questions on a quiz. Find the probability that there is at least one correct answer.
In which of the following actions does RNA polymerase differ from DNA polymerase?
