A 32 y/o man who has not seen a physician in over ten years is found on routine laboratory studies to have a platelet count of 30,000/uL (reference interval: 150,000-450,000/uL). He feels well and has no symptoms. His other blood counts are normal as is cellular morphology on review of the blood smear. He has no splenomegaly or lymphadenopathy. Prior blood counts are normal. Which one of the following diagnoses is most likely?
An Administrative Law Judge works for a governmental agency. He or she: (Choose the best answer.)
In the equation listed, solve for x:  13x+1315=35x-1{"version":"1.1","math":"13x+1315=35x-1"}
What changes would you make to the following statement in order to comply with Chargaff's rules: "Chargaff found that for DNA the amount of adenine equals the amount of uracil, and the amount of cytosine equals the amount of guanine, or A = U and G = C."
Identify a true statement about the Inverted U Hypothesis.
DECREASE in left ventricular stroke volume
Which researchers found that women in prison cope by establishing homosexual relationships:
With each ventricular systole,
The main purpose of the Alien and Sedition Acts was to
The nurse is caring for a patient that has a critically low neutrophil count.  Which of the following would the nurse remove from the lunch tray?
Consider the following reaction: CaCO3 (s)  =  CaO (s) + CO2 (g) Based on Le Chatlier's principle, what will occur to the position of the equilibrium if the volume of the container is doubled?
A key structure in the forebrain is the ____, which consists of layers of specialized nerve cells.
A young high school teacher complains of a non-productive cough for the past 6 weeks. The cough worsens when he is supine. He reports episodes of heartburn, which he self-treats with an over-the-counter antacid, along with a sensation of a lump in the back of the throat. He also reports chewing mints for his "bad breath". The physical exam is unremarkable. Which of the following diagnoses is the most likely cause for his cough?
When drawing in Python, the cursor initially begins at __________.
What is the difference between the set point and the current process variable value called?
Your first course of action would be to take a sample to determine whether the cat is infested with fleas.  This would require a deep skin scraping.
What does the term "credible source" mean? Why is it important to use only credible sources?  What are TWO examples of credible sources?  What is ONE example of a non-credible source?
Cubilins is part of the receptor in the small intestine for what vitamin?
Economic duress, such as that found in the case of Berardi v. Meadowbrook Mall Company, renders a contract automatically void.
According Camilo, pupusas are so important that...
