In Excel, ________ are workbooks you use as the basis for other similar workbooks.
The middle embryological layer in triploblastic animals is,
The angulus venosus (venous angle) refers to the juncture of the jugular and subclavian veins.
According to the Tenth Amendment which government has the constitutional right to create and maintain public schools (K-12)?
Choose the letter at which you would place a negative charge to make fragments of DNA run from the top of the gel toward the bottom.
Sister chromatids separate from each other during _____.
1. Trace the path of an oxygen molecule from outside a woman's body to the aortic arch of the fetus inside her uterus. You can jump from uterine artery to placenta and into the umbilical.... (you fill in...and keep going). 2. What are the specific ways that oxygen molecule can be carried within the blood stream?
Which of the following amendments prevented America from acquiring territory in Cuba during the      Spanish-America War?
Springs are an example of a: _______________________.
Which of the following terms describes a congenital condition that involves the absence of the cerebral hemispheres?
True or False: Mainstream Theravada Buddhism is atheistic.
If McDonald's decides to segments markets based on its heaviest versus lightest users, which form of segmentation is it using? (Ch. 6)
Police may use a variety of evidence ploys during interrogation. This is possible because:
During an assessment of an 66-year-old male you note the presence of a diabetic neuropathic ulcer extending from the big toe to the 3rd toe on the bottom of the left foot.  The patient reports, "I can't feel my feet.  It's been that way for years." Which of the following is an anesthetic concern in preparation for induction of anesthesia  in this patient:
What uterine layer provides a place for an embryo to develop if pregnancy occurs, or is partially shed each month if there is no pregnancy?
Which diagram accurately represents the directionality of DNA strands at one side of a replication fork? Figure 6-19
A nutritionist is planning a weight loss program for a Mexican American church. Thirty members of the congregation have registered. What percentage of the members should be assessed to identify the most frequently consumed ethnic foods?
Which vitamin is needed to make NAD+ and NADP+ ?
A nurse is collecting data from a client who has a urine output of 250 mL in a 24-hour period. Which of the following terms should the nurse use to document this finding in the electronic record?
Essay question 2 Select ONE of the topics below (different from the first essay question you chose) and write a well-written and detailed answer (using examples discussed in class material) to support your answer.  Use your own words and write in full sentences.  Short essays are expected (1-2 well-developed paragraphs).     TYPE THE NUMBER OF THE QUESTION YOU ARE ANSWERING just above your written answer!  Discuss TWO advantages and TWO disadvantages of TWO TYPES of renewable energy. Answering that an energy type is "renewable" or some version of this will NOT count as an advantage. Your answers must include some environmental advantages/disadvantages, but you could also include social or economic considerations that were discussed in the course content. Discuss practices that lead to land degradation and soil degradation. How do they lead to erosion, desertification, and overall poor soil quality? What are some practices that can help conserve soil and improve soil quality? Define terms where necessary. Discuss the agricultural meat industry. Why is a diet that includes meat less efficient in energy transfer than a diet that includes less meat or is vegetarian? What effect can diet choice have on climate change? Discuss the concept of sprawl. What is it, why does it occur, and what are the ecological, sociological, and economic pros and cons? Name (and explain) at least a couple ways that sprawl can be contained.  Discuss 3 benefits and 3 risks of using Genetically modified organisms (GMOs) and/or food.
