Which of the following statements best summarizes the story of how humans first came into North America?
There are two options below; tackle only one of them.  Remember that the quote is there to stir up your thinking, maybe to provide you with a bit of grist for your intellectual mill. You will receive little to no credit if all you do is analyze the quote. As the question itself (in italics) indicates, we want to see an actual argument based on evidence you bring in from across the spectrum of material we've examined: in Homer, in Roisman, in lectures, in the presentations of fellow students, etc. Option A     "In Homer's day, the ruins of what had once been the well-built walls of Troy, on their commanding site overlooking the Hellespont, as the Dardanelle Straits were then known, were visible to any traveler; the Iliad's close description of the Troad, the region around Troy, suggests that it was known to its poet at first hand.  The war, then, was real, not mythic, to Homer and to his audience.  Similarly, the major Greek principalities named by the Iliad as participating in the war also existed.  Their ruins, too, were visible to any traveler.    "Knowledge of Troy and Troy's time has been advanced by archaeology.  The Trojan War itself, however, the terrible conflagration that unmoored whole nations, remains mysterious."                --Caroline Alexander, The War that Killed Achilles Homer's treatment of both his own contemporary moment as well as the Mycenaean epoch has been subjected to many analyses, and we have visited more than a few of these efforts to get at either the "real" Trojan War, or instead the "understood" version of the war.  With an eye on both supporting and contradictory evidence--the kind drawn from contending scholars as well as what you found while reading the poem--what arguments would you advance in support of the Iliad as a historical source?     Option B     "The hoplites' courage was therefore not the result of a strictly military discipline--nor, as we have seen, was it the result of a warrior frenzy leaving no place of fear (as is demonstrated by their readiness to admit defeat).  Aiming above all to ensure the cohesion of the phalanx, their courage was based upon a well-understood solidarity: it consisted of not abandoning one's comrades in arms and, therefore, of remaining steady in one's position.  Consequently, an esprit de corps was systematically cultivated."                        -Yvon Garlan, "War and Peace" in The Greeks Although there is the possibility of seeing group tactics in the Iliad, the full switch (politically, militarily, and socially) came in the course of the Archaic Period, perhaps at the moment-or soon after-Homer preserved the oral traditions.  From the evidence, primary and secondary, that we have read and discussed, how do see this issue of solidarity playing out in the themes of the Iliad, and then historically, across poleis like Athens and Sparta? In their constant worry over stasis or the victory of tyrants? Or the resistance to external threats, like Persia?
Aerogel used in the Stardust spacecraft is a light substance made of
Classify the angle pair using all names that apply.
Tungsten Industries uses a standard cost accounting system to compute the cost of its inventory and allocates manufacturing overhead based on direct labor hours. The direct labor quantity standard is 3.0 hours per unit. Here are data regarding Tungsten's production activity for the current year:    What is the total amount of manufacturing overhead costs, variable and fixed, that Tungsten applies to its work-in-process inventory for the current year?
Peach Pink Inc. has the following inventory data:    July 1     Beginning inventory 40 units at $20 $     800   7     Purchases 140 units at $21       2, 940   22     Purchases 20 units at $22                 440      $4,180      A physical count of merchandise inventory on July 31 reveals that there are 50 units on hand. Using the FIFO inventory method, the amount allocated to cost of goods sold for July is
A wire carrying a current is shaped in the form of a circular loop of radius  If the magnetic field strength that this current produces at the center of the loop is  what is the magnitude of the current that flows through the wire? (m0 = 4p x 10-7 T [?] m/A)
The somatic cells of a privet shrub each contain a total of 46 chromosomes. How do the chromosomes of this plant differ from the chromosomes of humans, who also have a total of 46?
What is another term for the left coronary artery due to its high risk of death when 100% occluded?
Which most accurately describes the cause of bedsores?
Only sterile objects may be placed on a sterile field
Identify the muscle labeled '4'.
List two (2) examples of Assistive Technology for Eating and Food Prep. (0.5 points each)
(C) Which information noted by the nurse reviewing the laboratory results of a patient who is receiving chemotherapy is most important to report to the health care provider?
From radiometric dating the age of the Earth is determined to be _________ MY (Million Years) old.
Who was the ruler of Bantanea?
The classic triad of Meniere's disease is
SECTION A                                                                                                                        (20)         QUESTION 1   (10)         Multiple choice questions: Each question has three possible answers. Type the correct letter of the answer of your choice in the answer section.
The most frequent site of recurrence from medulloblastomas is the
2.2   Die grafiek hieronder dui die ouderdom aan waartydens puberteit bereik word deur seuns en dogters in 'n sekere populasie.  Bestudeer die grafiek en beantwoord die vrae wat volg.   REGS KLIK OP DIE KNOPPIE HIERONDER OM DIE DIAGRAM OP 'N NUWE BLADSY OOP TE MAAK:
