Participating in the subculture that Elijah Anderson describes as "the code of the streets" raises the risk that young people will end up ________
What are the differences between an illegitimate sender and an illegitimate receiver?  (2 pts) Why are illegitimate senders and receivers involved in an evolutionary arms race?  (2 pts) Describe an example from lecture that clearly supports your above answer.  (2 pts)
Translate:  Ania will not get up early. Every morning she turns off her budil'nik five times.
In a two-sided tag, a(n) _____ tag indicates the content's end.
Carl Rogers developed
What function does the follicle take after ovulation?
Periodontal Maintenance usually occurs every 6 months for a patient who has undergone initial therapy for periodontitis. An insurance code of 1110 (adult prophylaxis) will be used for their periodontal maintenance appointments.
Choose to respond to either A or B below. A. U.S. culture is extremely individualistic whereas many immigrants to the U.S. come from collectivist cultures. Provide an example that demonstrates the friction or misunderstandings that can arise when these two cultures collide. B. Describe a speech community that you belong to by providing at least two examples that sets this community apart from another. Be sure to indicate whether you are answering A or B.
Which antibody demonstrates mixed field agglutination?
One of the most famous movie music composers in the modern era was:
The thumb rule for deciding whether to charter, own through fractional share, or own outright is the 100/300/500 rule (if you are going to fly less than 100 hours a year, charter; if you are going to fly over a 100 hours but less than 300 hours, fractional share; if you are going to fly over 500 hours, own outright).
Match the regions with their areas written as double integrals below. Not every region will be used and you do not need to provide any explanation for this question.  The double integral
Read the following article and answer the following questions about the article.    Bird Embryos Vibrate to Warn One Another of Danger before They Hatch Jennifer Leman - Scientific American  July 22, 2019    Before they hatch, developing baby gulls seem to prepare for the worst when they hear the piercing predator-warning calls of nearby adults--and may also alert their less-developed nestmates.   Yellow-legged gull embryos exposed to the warnings of adults and neighboring embryos that had not been exposed to the sounds both displayed a series of behavioral and physiological changes when newly hatched, according to a study published Monday in Nature Ecology & Evolution. By vibrating, the embryos exposed to the call appeared to transfer knowledge of the threat to the others in their nest--the first time such a behavior has resulted in observed changes to clutchmates.   Just as human babies register sounds they hear from the womb, embryos within bird, reptile, amphibian and insect eggs use sensory clues to glean information about their environment. To investigate this process in yellow-legged gulls, study co-authors and behavioral ecologists Jose Noguera and Alberto Velando, both at the University of Vigo in Spain, plucked 90 gull eggs from nests on the rocky shores of Salvora Island, off the country's western coast. They then tracked the development of multiple clutches, or groups, of three eggs, each of which was laid days apart from the other two, inside a nearby field station. Four times a day, two eggs from each clutch were placed inside an incubation chamber for one hour. One set of eggs was placed in a chamber that periodically played the shrill warning calls of adult gulls. The other pair of eggs--a control group--sat in the incubation chamber in near silence.    The embryos that were exposed to warning calls would begin to vibrate, shifting inside their shell in response to the perceived threat, and continued doing so even after they were transferred back to their nest. Noguera and his colleagues say they think this movement alerted embryos inside nearby eggs that something was amiss. In the wild, the translation from an auditory alert to a vibrational one would serve to warn clutchmates whose sense of hearing had not yet developed, the researchers suggest.    Once the chicks hatched, the team measured their physiological and behavioral responses to the warning calls. Blood samples taken from the chicks revealed a series of changes. The researchers found elevated levels of corticosterone, a stress hormone, and higher levels of DNA methylation, a molecular process that indicates changes in which genes are activated. As the rate of vibration among the eggs increased, so did DNA methylation levels in the hatched chicks, the researchers found. The amount of DNA in the blood cells' energy-producing mitochondria--an indication of good health--decreased in both chicks that were exposed to warning calls and their nestmates.   The hatchlings' behavior and physical shape changed, too. Embryos that experienced warning calls not only delayed hatching but were also quieter and quicker to crouch low when they perceived nearby threats after they hatched. Additionally, they were smaller and had a slower-growing lower leg bone called the tarsus. Those chicks' clutchmates, who had not been exposed to the sounds but had shared the same nest, showed similar changes in behavior and bone structure. Embryos in the clutches that were not introduced to the sounds, however, did not vibrate in their nests nearly as much as those that were, and they showed none of the changes that the latter did.   "Sounds can give a lot of information to embryos, and they seem to be using it to shape their development to their particular conditions," says behavioral ecologist Mylene Mariette of Deakin University in Australia, who was not involved in the study.   According to Mariette and Lynn Martin, an ecological physiologist at the University of South Florida, who was also not involved in the work, there are still questions about the exact mechanism that causes changes to the birds' traits, including where and when in development these changes occur.   For example, the DNA methylation samples were collected from the chicks' blood instead of the brain, where most of their observed changes occur, so it is difficult to say which genes allowed the behavioral ones to happen. Martin adds that identifying levels of DNA methylation from samples collected across different parts of the brain would more specifically reveal which genes unlock the behavioral changes. "The behavioral effect is what's most interesting," he says. "At the end of the day, evolution sees that. It doesn't really matter if the behavioral effect is driven by methylation or something else." Noguera and Velando say they are not yet sure how these changes would impact chicks' ability to fend off predators later in life.   Next, Noguera hopes to study these embryo-to-embryo interactions in birds whose chicks compete for resources. "If an embryo is able to capture information about its environment, it is probably going to be able to capture information about how many potential siblings, or competitors, will hatch," he says. He suspects that embryos can use this information "to follow their sibling's development so they can adapt their development for the future level of competition" they will find after hatching. Which of the following were findings from the study?
A comprehensive online study tool featuring etextbooks, quizzes, assignments, flashcards, a dictionary, and accessibility tools.
Advertising can show up in any way, shape, or form.
The largest source of income at a typical bank is
Convert the following measurements to the specified units. Show set up of problem (or conversion factor) and use a calculator to evaluate. Round your answer to the nearest hundredth and include units on your final answer. Must show work to earn all points. 34 centimeters = ____ inches
The two pubic bones join medially at the
________________ direct appropriate behavior in the day-to-day practices and expressions of a culture.
Which of the following most correctly describes why immature acquired immune cells must go through central tolerance training?
