The zinc atom in a zinc finger
Passage 4             "I cannot tell a lie." These well-known words, usually attributed to George Washington, are true of many of us. We don't like to tell lies because we get nervous and can't conceal our emotions; or because it's difficult to remember exactly which falsehoods we've told; or because we believe that sooner or later, the truth reveals itself. Yet other people are superb liars and deceive us with relative ease. How do they do it, and how do we know they are lying? Although lie detection is not an exact science, there are a few techniques we can use to determine whether or not someone is telling the truth.            One method of detecting lies involves vigilant attention to body language and gestures. A liar's physical expression is usually stiff and limited to a few arm, hand, and leg movements--for example, touching the face, throat, and mouth, or scratching the nose or behind an ear. Additionally, a liar tends to avoid making eye contact. Often a liar is uncomfortable facing a questioner or accuser and turns the head or body away. A liar can appear visibly nervous and may even sweat. Also, inconsistent facial expressions may indicate a lie, such as when the recipient of a gift exclaims, "I love it!" but waits to smile or smiles with only the mouth, instead of smiling simultaneously with the statement or smiling with the entire face.            Spoken responses can also signal lies. For instance, when asked a question, a guilty person becomes defensive, while an innocent one remains calm. Also, a liar uses the questioner's words to answer a question, such as when a parent asks a teenager, "Did you leave the TV on all night?" and the teenager answers, "No, I did not leave the TV on all night." Liars also may offer a vague answer instead of responding directly to the questioner's point. And because a guilty person is uncomfortable with silences or lengthy pauses in the conversation, this person may speak more than usual in an effort to convince the listener. If a speaker's words are garbled or spoken softly, grammar and syntax are off, and sentences lack assuredness, then there is justification for suspicion. Being observant of the suspect's verbal behavior, then, is another valuable tool in lie detection.           Technology also plays a role in lie detection. A polygraph, commonly known as a "lie detector," is a machine that records changes in blood pressure, pulse, respiration, and skin sensitivity while a person answers a series of questions. Although the polygraph is not always reliable, it has been used as an interrogation tool with criminal suspects or candidates for employment in U.S. federal government agencies like the FBI or CIA. Voice-stress analysis, which uses a microphone, tape recorder, and computer to measure tiny fluctuations in the human voice, is gaining in popularity, but studies indicate it too produces unreliable data. Similarly, brain scans display certain areas within the brain that tend to be more active when people lie, though their accuracy has been questioned as well.            Most lie detection experts agree that a combination of body language and other cues help us make an educated guess as to whether someone is telling the truth or a lie. Still, all these methods of lie detection, whether based on human observation or technology, will fail with experienced, confident liars who believe their own lies. As used in line 8, the word vigilant means
A nurse's use of ethical responsibility can best be seen in which of the following ways?
Turbine flow sensors generate a pulse each time a blade rotates past a
What are the 3 main blood cells? Explain some important details about each one including what each one does.
Decentralized companies often struggle to achieve goal congruence in an organization.
Patellar tendon, iliotibial band, and semitendinosus tendon are examples of:
Compare and contrast psychological and sociological theories of criminal behavior. Which approach do you consider to be a more valid explanation of the causes of crime? Support your opinion.
What happens when the pleural space is opened to atmospheric air, either by surgery or from trauma?
Verduidelik die verskil tussen CPU-cache en web-cache.
What is the name of the specific structure that produces cerebrospinal fluid?
Your client is hard of hearing but not deaf.   What matters will you need to consider and what actions will you take to try to ensure the prospective trial will run smoothly in this respect?
Grape-like clusters of round bacteria would be called:
The following data exhibits:
A client, who recently delivered a stillborn baby, has a diagnosis of adjustment disorder unspecified. The nurse case manager should expect which client presentation that is characteristic of this diagnosis?
Choose one of the following questions to answer. Please indicate, by letter, which question you are answering.   A. A hagfish superficially resembles a worm. What characteristics does it have that allow you to identify it as a chordate? B.  At what point in chordate evolution did jaws evolve, and what other characters evolved at about the same time? What lineages of chordates posses these features.
Receptors that are multivalent tend to bind to their ligands more strongly than receptors with a single binding site. What is the term used to describe this phenomenon?
A definition is an example of soft evidence.
A child is prescribed a medication for attention deficit disorder (ADHD). Which of the following medications would the nurse expect has been prescribed?
As a wave passes through the open ocean, the water molecules move
