To add logic to a mail merge, insert an IF field.
Suppose the following 4 changes are made to the Final Simulation with all other rules and aspects of the simulation remaining the same. Final Simulation changes:    Your company no longer produces and sells Muesli products but instead produces and sells 3 Yogurt products: Plain (500 gram), Strawberry (500 gram), and Blueberry (500 gram). There are no 1Kg sizes. The yogurt products are perishable and have a shelf life of only 10 simulated days from the date manufacture in your factory. Due to cold storage requirements, storage cost penalties are 5 times higher for both raw materials and finished goods and should be avoided. Warehouse capacities remain unchanged at 250,000 units Finished Goods, 250,000 units Raw Materials, and 750,000 units Packaging. Orders are received from your customers in advance as given in the table below. Production should be scheduled to maximize shelf life of the product. Customers will not accept early or partial shipments. Late shipments are allowed but should be avoided if at all possible.    Customer Orders Received:    Requested Ship Day Products Ordered   Day 5 24,000 units Strawberry   Day 10 48,000 units Blueberry with 10% more blueberries than standard   Day 17 180,000 units Plain    Assume it is Day 1, Round 1 of a new Final Simulation with these changes. Explain how you would operate your company the first 20 days of the simulation using SAP to meet the requests of your customers while considering net income of your company.In your response, be specific in describing the sequence and timing of SAP transactions you would execute on each day of Round 1 of the simulation. If you make assumptions, state them. Respond in the following format:    Sim Day SAP Transactions Executed (if any) Comments   1     2     3     4     5     ...     20
A cohort study is one which:
Dialectic is
Radiographic image of the bladder
Given the following URL, what is the correct description of the portion shown in bold? http://www.barnesandnoble.com/u/books-best selling-books/379003057
You are gathering footage of dog's playing at the beach. The director wants to get clear, no-blur, slow-motion shots of dogs shaking off water. You are asked you to over-crank the camera. What action do you take?
These cells take part in allergic reaction.
What is the systematic name for Li2Cr2O7?
Toestel 1 het 'n VGA-poort, toestel 2 het 'n DVI-poort en toestel 3 het 'n HDMI-poort. Waarvoor word hierdie poorttipes gebruik?
Which subdivision of the PNS always carries information into the nervous system?
From left to right, give the hybridization of each carbon atom in the molecule below: H    C=C=C    H        |         |       H       H
In most situations, the true mean and standard deviation are unknown quantities that have to be estimated.
Magnesium sulfate is used in the treatment of constipation.
An examiner who brushes a patient's forehead with a cotton swab and asks if the patient can feel it is testing the integrity of the:
Match the chordates to their class:
What are the products of anaerobic fermentation?
Which of the following is a neuronal change which occurs in early childhood?
Augmented reality is a wearable computer with an optical head-mounted display (OHMD).
Before observing at Grant Elementary School in Wausau, you need to (circle all that apply,)
