Problem No. 3   A rigid bar ACDB is pinned at end A and supported by vertical wires of the same material (E=210GPa) and  equal cross section area (A=80 mm2) at point C and point D as shown below  .  The  coefficient of thermal expansion of steel is       alpha = 12x10-6/oC. The dimensions are         c = 0.8m,  d =2.4m and L = 3.0m. The vertical force P = 10 kN.    With this information answer the following question: Question 3.4: When the load P is already applied the temperature was raised by 30oC what will be the tension in wire at D? [Enter value in kN rounded to the nearest 2-decimal points]
The laboratory technologists are a discussing a new blood test that helps establish a differential diagnosis between shortness of breath with a cardiac etiology and shortness of breath with a respiratory/pulmonary etiology. A positive result is purported to indicate a cardiac etiology. The marketers of the test report that 99.8% of clients who have confirmed cardiac etiologies test positive in the test. However, 1.3% of clients who do not have cardiac etiologies for their shortness of breath also test positive. Which statement best characterizes this blood test?
Increases in equity from a company's sales of products or services are:
What is the soft bottom of a horse's foot called? (2 pts).
Determine the following:                            sin(cos-1(14)){"version":"1.1","math":"sin(cos-1(14))"}
Which of the following elements has the highest ionization energy?
What did the Morris Rules establish?
Otitis Media results in a permanent hearing loss.
Which of the following statements is true regarding the structure/function of cerebellar Purkinje cells? Select all that apply.
In evaluating a post op heart patient, your notice that the chest tube has suddenly stopped draining, your response would be:
Office Visit Date of service: 1/3/20 Date of last treatment: 2/12/18 The patient was seen for a cough and sore throat. The physician performed a medically appropriate history and physician and established an impression and plan. The physician documents a 15-minute visit. What is the correct E/M code for this service?
The type of system in which energy and matter can enter and exit is called a(n) _____ system.
Which scientist(s) discovered how DNA replicates using bacteria exposed to different isotopes of nitrogen?
Lectura Read the conversation between Andrea and a counselor at a career center and then answer the questions using complete sentences.     ANDREA Buenas tardes. Estoy buscando empleo desde hace tres semanas y no he encontrado nada todavia. Quisiera dejarles mi curriculum.  AGENTE Buenas tardes, senorita. No se preocupe. Aqui la ayudaremos a encontrar un puesto que le guste. ?Cual es su ocupacion?  ANDREA Soy peluquera. En mi ultimo empleo, me pidieron que renunciara porque ya no podian pagar mi sueldo, ni el de otros empleados. La verdad es que solo he trabajado un ano, asi que necesito obtener mas experiencia.  AGENTE Claro. Por favor, llene esta solicitud para que en el futuro tomemos en cuenta su curriculum. Mientras usted hace eso, voy a revisar las ofertas que tenemos. Estoy seguro de que manana ya habra recibido por lo menos un mensaje de alguien que quiera entrevistarla. !Ah, ya esta! Mire: hay cinco ofertas.  ANDREA Gracias. Respondere a todas. Tambien tengo una pregunta: en su anuncio lei que ustedes dan asesoria gratis antes de una entrevista. ?Es cierto? Eso me sorprendio; pense que todas las agencias cobraban por ese servicio.  AGENTE Si, es gratis.  ANDREA Excelente. Entonces, quisiera usar ese servicio. ?Me da una cita, por favor?  AGENTE Por supuesto.   ?Cuanto tiempo hace que Andrea esta buscando empleo?
A nurse is reading the fetal heart monitor printout of a labor patient. Which information is not available on the printout?
The posterior lobe of the brain is the:
Match the HA configuration with its description.
Which of the following best describes group polarization?
200 shoppers were classified by gender and by whether or not they made a purchase. Here are the results:  What is the probability that a randomly selected shopper will be someone who makes a purchase, GIVEN that the selected shopper is female?
The nurse is planning interventions for a client who has difficulty falling asleep.  Which intervention regarding sleep times would be most helpful?
