In Hick's experiments on choice-reaction time, he presented each participant with a fixed set of lights, each with a corresponding button. Every 5 seconds, a light would turn on at random, and Hick measured the time it took for participants to push the button associated with the light. He did this for different numbers of lights (2-10 lights).   A. Calculate the expected information potential (H) of a 2 light setup, a 4 light setup, and a 10 light setup, assuming that each light has an equally likely chance of turning on. Which of these setups has the highest information content? Type in the final answers (H for each light setup and the setup with the highest information content) in the box below. Show your work on your paper submission. (6 pts) B. Hyman was interested in whether the reaction time was due to the number of lights or the amount of information, so he manipulated the probabilities that each of the lights would turn on, but kept the total number of lights fixed. For the two 4 light setups below, calculate H. Which setup has the highest information content and how does it compared to the 4 light setup from part A? Type in the final answers (H for each setup, and comparison to part A) in the box below. Show your work on your paper submission. (6pts)     Setup 1   Light 1   Light 2   Light 3   Light 4     Probability   0.4   0.2   0.2   0.2           Setup 2   Light 1   Light 2   Light 3   Light 4     Probability   0.8   0.1   0.05   0.05
Which of the following focused on the idea of emotional content, emphasizing how the culture and the artist felt about the subject matter?
Which molecule is an aldehyde?
The device that allows current to flow in only one direction is called a/an:
An autoimmune disease that causes chronic, progressive damage to the neuromuscular junction is
Which of the following is an example of a positive, as opposed to normative, statement?
Bile is known to assist in the absorption of:
Thomas learned from his parents to look both ways every time he crossed the street in front of his house. On his first day of school, Thomas had to cross the street in front of the school. Without being told, Thomas looked both ways for cars before crossing the street. This is an example of ___________.
What is the largest reservoir of carbon?
One of the unique qualities of video is that it can serve as both content and a platform at the same time.
The nurse is caring for a patient with unrelenting low back pain caused by a herniated disk. What instruction should the nurse provide to this patient to help him with the pain?
Find the exact value of the expression.sin 105deg
Neptune was discovered [blank1].  Neptune takes [blank2] to orbit the Sun.  Neptune is a [blank3] diameter to Uranus.  Similar to Uranus, the atmosphere of Neptune contains [blank4] giving it a green-blue tint.
Which topic discussed in class was the hardest for you to understand?
Choose the answer that best describes the scientific method?
Amoeba differ from phytoplankton because amoebas
Find the position function given the following information a(t)=cost{"version":"1.1","math":"a(t)=cost"}; v(0)=1, s(0)=0
Please match the type of bias with its definition
What is the technical adjustment required with soft tissue demonstration of foreign object?
Determine the electron-group geometry on the central atom in PF3 molecule.
