PART II:    Writing Correct Citations (5 points per question = 50 points) Instructions for questions 5 - 14:  Type the correct citation for each question. If any information is missing from the citation, you may invent needed information or put a blank line where the information belongs. Cite Wisconsin cases according to the rules of the Wisconsin Supreme Court. Assume that these citations will be used in a document written for a court. Cite to the official source or sources. Cite statutes to the current official code.
What is G?
Which one of the following are industries with below-average sensitivity to the state of the economy?
The dental record is a legal document.
A student views a cross section of a plant stem under a microscope. She decides that the plant must be a monocot, rather than a eudicot, because its vascular tissue
I can earn 5 points of extra credit by reading all the chapters, taking the quizzes for each and earning at least 4 points on each.
If the cash balance at December 31, 20Y3, was $20,000 and at December 31, 20Y4, was $25,000, using horizontal analysis, what would be the percentage increase (decrease)? Round to one decimal place
Discuss the views of  "the good life" in Erasmus' Paraclesis and Christine de Pizan's The Path of Long Study (Christine's final view), noting significant similarities and differences.  (25 points, 25% of total exam)
Intensive distribution is used only for specialty items.
One of the red flags in diagnosing autism is the lack of joint attention and imitation. By what age should a child draw your attention to something of interest while vocalizing and pointing as the child looks back and forth from the item to you?
67. How would the angle of subduction of a tectonic plate influence the location of a volcanic arc?
Which of the following describes a local motor reflex that is carried out by local circuits (lower motor control circuits) within the spinal cord?
What is the thickest wall (coat) in artery?
From Kepler's third law, an asteroid with an orbital period of 8 years lies at an average distance from the Sun equal to
This role shows the President as the ceremonial head of the government, allowing him to veto bills and deliver a State of the Union?
1. Which of the following refers a widely accepted, well-tested explanation for a set of observations for which there are no contradictory tests or observations?
What religion does Othello practice, as a member of Venetian society?
Solve the problem.If u = 12i - 3j and v = 9i - 9j, find u + v. u + v = [a]i + [b]j
A new nurse has started on the medical-surgical unit 8-months ago. The nurse manager completes her evaluation and states that the nurse has moved from a novice nurse to a competent nurse within the 8-month timeframe. Which nursing theorist is the nurse manager utilizing to evaluate the new nurse?
Long-term effects of prolonged hypertension include effects on:
