The enzyme HIV protease is responsible for activating proteins expressed by the Human Immunodifficiency Virus (HIV) which then attack the host immune system.  This protein has been the target of highly successful drug development in order to block HIV activity.  The image below shows a close-up of the active site of HIV protease bound to one of these drugs, showing specific intermolecular interactions.  The atoms making the interactions are labeled.  Match each interaction to its correct type.
Tectonic plates are composed of the
Which of the following spinal nerve structures carries efferent motor impulses from the spinal cord out to the body?
Make sure to show your web cam your scratch/work paper for 5 seconds each side (if you used it) before you submit the exam.   If you want anything graded from this paper, you must submit it in the "Final Exam work (problems and short answer)" folder in the Assignment tab within 15 minutes of submitting the exam.  Do not be concerned if your Honorlock, "pauses" your exam during this process and indicates your face is not in the screen.  The camera is still recording what you are showing it (your papers).  When you are finished showing your papers, you can reenter the exam and submit it.
The chemical symbol for tungsten is__________________.
In a reconstruction of Earth's geologic past, the continents of Africa and South America fit best along the
Which of the following was one of the first types of industrial speed controls?
Which activity would usually not take place in the living room?  La famille Legrand se detend apres le diner!
If the client makes the following statements, which information is most important to report to the physician before the client undergoes an intravenous pyelogram (IVP)?
13. Resting saliva has a lower pH then stimulated saliva.
Which two factors should compensation professionals consider before endorsing the use of merit pay systems?
In order to form an octet, an atom of Rb will:
Our description of the market mechanism included which of the following?
6.  A University of South Florida biologist conducted an experiment to determine whether increased levels of carbon dioxide kill leaf-eating moths (USF Magazine, Winter 1999).  Moth larvae were placed in open containers filled with oak leaves.  Half the containers had normal carbon dioxide levels while the other half had twice the normal level of carbon dioxide.  Ten percent of the larvae in the containers with "high" (twice the normal level) carbon dioxide levels died, compared to 5 percent in the containers with normal levels.  Assume that 80 moth larvae were placed, at random, in each of the two types of containers.  Is there enough evidence to conclude that the higher carbon dioxide level is effective in killing a higher percentage of leaf-eating moth larvae?  (While answering the following sub-parts of this question, you will be including the null and alternative hypothesis, the test statistic, the p-value (a visualization and an interpretation), your statistical decision, and your conclusion in the context of the problem.) (d) What is the correct statistical decision for Step 4 of the hypothesis test?
You are working for a contractor that has a contract for construction of a new hospital. As part of the project, you need to remove the soil for the construction of the basement and foundation for a parking garage. From the project plans, you know that 5,000 bank cubic yards must be excavated and that 1,200 compacted cubic yards will be required to backfill the completed foundation. You plan to stockpile the soil needed for backfill on site and haul the excess soil to a disposal site. The average haul distance is estimated to be 500 ft. with an 8% average uphill grade. The contractor had the soil tested and determined that the bank density is 2,900 pounds per cubic yard, the loose density is 2,250 pounds per cubic yard, and the compacted density is 3,150 pounds per cubic yard.  What is the percent swell for the soil? What is the percent shrinkage for the soil? How many bank cubic yards should be stockpiled to be used for backfill operation? How many loose cubic yards of soil should be hauled away to the disposal site?
According to the eTextbook, which of the following is NOT one of the key elements of lean manufacturing?
A categorical model of classification of mental disorders is characterized by all of the following except:
Questions 20-22 are based on the following information:  Chess Corporation issued $800,000 of bonds on January 1, 2018. They have an 8-year term and pay interest semiannually on June 30 and December 31 of each year. This is the partial bond amortization schedule for the bonds.    Date Cash Interest Effective Interest Increase in Balance Outstanding Balance   1/1/2018    710,129   6/30/2018 28,000 31,956 3,956 714,084   12/31/2018 28,000 32,134 4,134 718,218   6/30/2019 28,000      1/31/2019 28,000         What is the effective annual rate of interest on the bonds?
Even though the US federal government created laws related to foods and drugs in the early 1900s it was not until _____ when the FDA was first authorized to regulate medical devices. The early law only allowed the FDA to regulate device labeling and to remove devices from the market that were found to be unsafe.
Discovery refers to the process of obtaining information and gathering evidence from the opposition in a court proceeding.  The methods of discovery that we discussed include all the following except:
