You perform an Hfr cross in an effort to map the mutation rif-8 which gives resistance to rifampin. You are given a partial genetic linkage map of E. coli. Your recipient cell contains the rif-8 mutation and also has mutations thrO, thyR, and trpA which inactivate genes for threonine, thymine, and tryptophan biosynthesis, respectively. These mutations are marked on the map and the results of your cross is below.  Your donor strain is wild type for all of these alleles but contains an insertion in its proline gene (Dpro) which may come in handy. You have chosen to use the Hfr strain P801. You can assume the ticks (a-i) are equal distances from each other and from the 100% line. 1) Briefly describe how you would do the cross and the selections that gave you the results below 2) Use the semi-log graph to show where rif-8 would map (the a-i letters will designate places you should put minutes in 10min increments)  3) Tell me which genetic marker rif-8 would most closely transfer with based on its location. 4) How does each row of data in your recombination frequency chart validate this location?
Immorality, defiance of authority, and goofing off are types of misbehavior seen in middle school students.
Resolutions  that are used to propose amendments to the Texas Constitution or to ratify proposed amendments to the US Constitution are called
Which of the following is a deciduous, dioecious gymnosperm?
Callie called her friend Sue on Saturday to see whether Sue wanted to go to the movies. Sue told Callie she was staying home to study for their upcoming history test. After the call, Callie decided to study instead of go to the movies. Callie was experiencing _____.
1c.   Advise the Finance director on the limitations of using break even analysis   (6)
What are cells that group together to perform specialized functions called?
The term phototroph refers to an organism that:
?Cuanto tiempo hace que hizo un viaje a Europa?
The perinatal nurse teaches the postpartum woman about warning signs regarding development of postpartum infection. Teaching includes that a fever and which other sign and symptom would merit assessment by the health-care provider?
The nurse has finished teaching a client about the medication glipizide (Glucotrol). Which statement by the client would indicate to the nurse, that the patient understood the teaching?
Kris contracts to work exclusively for Little Manufacturing Company during May for $5,000. On April 30, Little cancels the contract. Kris finds another job during May but earns only $3,000. Kris files a suit against Little. As compensatory damages, Kris can recover
Write a sentence interpreting the slope coefficient in the equation in the previous question.
Which of the following lists all the components of a DNA nucleotide?
Evaluate the expression. 60 + 20
The representative cell at the pointer typically lines what type of body cavity?
A slope can be which of the following?  (Select all that apply.)
Functional organizations should have clearly developed and shared mission, vision, and what?
Which organelle is the primary site of ATP synthesis (recharging) in eukaryotic cells?
Which of the following is included in the National Standards for Culturally and Linguistically Appropriate Services (CLAS)?
