In the space below write 1 LTG & 3 supporting STG's for the case study patient.   Your goals should be for the patient in his current setting and status, not in the future.  Be sure to underline each goal component and label the goal component at the end of each component, in parenthesis ( ).  Below each goal give a brief sentence on the rational for the goal.  Failure to underline & label all goal components will result in grade of a 1.   See the below example.  LTG:   xxxxxxxxxx (C) XXXXXXXXXXXX (O) XXXXXXXXXX (A) xxxxxxxxxxxxxx (S) XXXXXXXX (T). LTG Rationale:   write 1 brief sentence stating your rational for this goal, for the given pt.   Example Case information-a client s/p (status post) CABG demonstrates Poor activity tolerance, which negatively impacts showering.  Example LTG: Client will (C) stand for 2 minutes during a shower (O) and then initiate seated rest on shower chair, based on self-monitoring (S) with no verbal cues (A) within 2 weeks (T). Rationale example, a client s/p (status post) CABG demonstrates Poor activity tolerance, knowledge of self-monitoring and energy conservation techniques, which negatively impacts ability to showering.  Client needs to be successful with self monitoring and initiating seated rests in order to complete ADL's without violating cardiac precautions and prescribed vital sign parameters.    STG 1: xxxxxxxxxx (C) XXXXXXXXXXXX (O) XXXXXXXXXX (A) xxxxxxxxxxxxxx (S) XXXXXXXX (T). STG 1 Rationale:  write 1 brief sentence stating your rational for this goal, for the given pt.  Example STG: In order to increase standing activity tolerance for showering (O) client will (C) demonstrate successful application of self-monitoring techniques and initiation of seated rests (S) based on his/her perceived exertion while gather needed items for and setting up showering with 2 verbal cues (A), within 1 week(T). Example Rationale, after pt education for self-monitoring and use of perceived exertion, based on the BORG scale, clients ability will be applied to the occupation of showering to increase application of knowledge and physical ability for showering.  STG 2: xxxxxxxxxx (C) XXXXXXXXXXXX (O) XXXXXXXXXX (A) xxxxxxxxxxxxxx (S) XXXXXXXX (T). STG 2 Rationale:  write 1 brief sentence stating your rational for this goal, for the given pt. STG 3: xxxxxxxxxx (C) XXXXXXXXXXXX (O) XXXXXXXXXX (A) xxxxxxxxxxxxxx (S) XXXXXXXX (T). STG 3 Rationale:  write 1 brief sentence stating your rational for this goal, for the given pt.
35.  Marlow becomes obsessed in his quest to meet and find Kurtz.
Which conflict resolution style is considered the best over most situations?
The __________, also known as the "necessary and proper" clause, is found in Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution and gives the national government authority to carry out its expressed powers.
Find the derivative.s = t7 - csc t + 7
100. A client is prescribed vancomycin 1250 mg in 250 mL 0.9 NS daily to infuse over 90 minutes. How many mL/hr would the nurse set on the infusion pump? (Round to a whole number).
The neck of the uterus is called the
What is CAD and how is it used for 3D Printing?
192.168.1.5 is an example of a(n) _____.
Specific structures, which nourish the keratinocytes, are present in the dermal papilla.  These structures are called
Use the four-step method in problem solving to solve the problem.A college cafeteria pays student cashiers $5.30 per hour. Cashiers earn an additional $1.40 per hour for each hour worked over 35 hours per week. A cashier worked 43 hours one week and 40 hours the second week. How much did this cashier earn in this two-week period?
Which of the following portfolios has the least risk?
A patient is diagnosed with Cushing syndrome. The nurse understands that there is hypersecretion of these hormones, except:
If a single honey-glazed doughnut contains 50 grams of carbohydrate, 10 grams of protein, and 20 grams of fat, what is the energy contained by the doughnut? Show your math work.
The lead time is 6 days. What is the standard deviation of demand during lead time? Please provide your answer with 1 decimal.
You are the lead paralegal for Legal Group Law Firm. The firm just recently took on a new client, Janice Maxwell. Mrs. Maxwell has been married to to her husband, Ronald Maxwell for approximately 30 years. Recently, she learned that her husband, Ronald, has been having an affair with her best friend, Marie James, for the past 5 years. Mrs. Maxwell wants a divorce. The managing partner of the firm wants you to train the new paralegal, Ann Myers, to draft Mrs. Maxwell's complaint for divorce. Discuss the writing tips you would give Ann in drafting Mrs. Maxwell's complaint for divorce.
True or False In curvature of field, the image is curved convex toward the object.
28. This African nation currently has the fastest growing population and lowest education attainment level on that continent
There was a video in the modules about media relations. A journalist provided a few tips for public relations professionals about writing and sending news releases to journalists. Which of the following does NOT accurately describe the tips she gave?
True or False: Absences due to medical reasons are excused. Find the pertinent reading in the sub-module titled Attendance Policy.
