EXERPT FROM 'THE OVERCOAT' by Nikolai Gogol When and how he entered the department, and who appointed him, no one could remember.  However much the directors and chiefs of all kinds were changed, he was always to be seen in the same place, the same attitude, the same occupation; so that it was afterwards affirmed that he had been born in undress uniform with a bald head.  No respect was shown him in the department.  The porter not only did not rise from his seat when he passed, but never even glanced at him, any more than if a fly had flown through the reception-room.  His superiors treated him in coolly despotic1 fashion.  Some sub-chief would thrust a paper under his nose without so much as saying, "Copy," or "Here's a nice interesting affair," or anything else agreeable, as is customary amongst well-bred officials.  And he took it, looking only at the paper and not observing who handed it to him, or whether he had the right to do so; simply took it, and set about copying it. The young officials laughed at and made fun of him, so far as their official with permitted; told in his presence various stories concocted about him, and about his landlady, an old woman of seventy; declared that she beat him; asked when the wedding was to be; and strewed bits of paper over his head, calling them snow.  But Akakiy Akakievitch answered not at word, any more than if there had been no one there besides himself.  It even had no effect upon his work; amid all these annoyances he never made a single mistake in a letter.  But I'd the joking became wholly unbearable, as when they jogged his hand and prevented his attending to his work, he would exclaim, "Leave me alone! Why do you insult me?" And there was something strange in the words and the voice in which they were uttered.  There was in it something which moved to pity; so much that one young man, a new comer, who, taking pattern by the others, had permitted himself to make sport of Akakiy, suddenly stopped short, as though all about him had undergone a transformation, and presented itself in a different aspect.  Some unseen force repelled him from the comrades whose acquaintance he had made on the supposition that they were well-bred and polite men.  Long afterwards, in his gayest moments, there recurred to his mind the little official with the bald forehead, with his heart-rending words, "Leave me alone! Why do you insult me?" In these moving words, other words resounded -- "I am thy brother." And the young man covered his face with his hand; and many a time afterwards, in the course of his life, shuddered at seeing how much inhumanity there is in man, how much savage coarseness is concealed beneath delicate, refined worldliness, and even in that man whom the world acknowledges as honourable and noble. It would be difficult to find another man who lived so entirely for his duties.  It is not enough to say that Akakiy laboured with zeal; no, he laboured with love.  In his copying, he found a varied and agreeable employment.  Enjoyment was written on his face: some letters were even favourites with him; and when he encountered these, he smiled, winked, and worked with his lips, till it seemed as though each letter might be read in his face, as his pen traced it.  If his pay had been in proportion to his zeal, he would, perhaps, to his great surprise, have been made even a councillor of state.  But he worked, as his companions, the wits, put it, like a horse in a mill. Moreover, it is impossible to say that no attention was paid to him.  One director being a kindly man, and desirous of rewarding him for his long service, ordered him to be given something more important than mere copying.  So he was ordered to make a report of an already concluded affair of another department: the duty consisting simply of changing the heading and altering a few words from the first to the third person.  This caused him so much toll that he broke into a perspiration, rubbed his forehead, and finally said, "No, give me rather something to copy."  After that they let him copy on forever.    How does the introduction of the "young man, a new comer" in paragraph 2 contribute to meaning in the passage?
Type the correct conjugation of the verb SER in lower case letters.   Obama, Biden, Trump y Bush _________ presidentes.
When several depolarizing graded potentials are performed in very close proximity, a process called _______________ may happen to make the impulse greater.
Someone dumps 192 four-sided dice onto a table and count the number of fours that come up.  Use a normal approximation to a binomial to answer questions b and c.   a) What are the mean and standard deviation of the distribution?   b) Find the probability that more than 44 fours are seen?   c) Find the probability that exactly 46 fours are seen?
Which abbreviation stands for a surgical procedure?
Which of the below traits is the correct combination of traits that are unique to high performers?
1.1.3   Provinsiale toerisme-owerhede:    (1)
The dimension of McDonaldization that encourages consumers to focus on quantifiable dimensions (i.e., cost, portion size, speed of service) rather than the quality of the consumption experience is:
A professor presents a test in black ink for half the students and in red ink for the other half, and compares the students' test scores. What is the independent variable in this experiment?
The nurse is teaching a patient about a scheduled small bowel series. Which statement by the patient indicates that further teaching is required?
Table 1: Measurements     Technician 1   Technician 2   Technician 3     1 m   1 m   1.00 m     1.01 m   1 m   1.00 m     0.99 m   1 m   1.00 m     1.01 m   2 m   1.01 m       Assume the true value of the workpiece being measured is 1 m. Which technician is the most accurate?
Consider a main program that calls a subroutine named CALC, and CALC uses the IN service routine in its calculation. Put the correct steps below in the correct order to ensure the subroutine returns properly.
Find the distance from the point (Q(2,-1,1)) to the plane (x+y-z=3).
Which of the following is not one of the principles of problem framing?
Only one good six sigma project is required to improve all of the critical to quality characteristics of a process
_____ consists of fibers that are oriented in multiple directions, and is found in the joint capsules and the deep layer of skin.
The purpose of milling grains such as corn and wheat is to extract the which nutritional component which leaves byproducts suitable for livestock feed that contain elevated concentrations of protein and fiber (2 points).
The public health prevention project includes two worksheets and a final abstract.
A major trend in hospital corporate organization over the past few years as hospitals strategically prepared for system reforms has included:
7.  You notice that your patient has a very narrow base of support and sometimes the foot crosses midline in-front of the opposite lower extremity. This is most likely caused by:
