Bonus Question (optional):  On the Excel spreadsheet "Bonus" tab, write a generic VBA code to read in any SQUARE Matrix A starting from Row 4 and output a new Matrix B = A + AT one row below the Matrix A. Hints: (1) Use a "do while" loop. (2) The square matrix has an equal number of rows and columns. (3) The dimension stays the same between A and AT (transpose matrix). Note: This bonus question is optional and worth 0.5 points. No partial credits will be given for this bonus question.   Congratulation! You have completed CIVL3010 Exam 2. Please save your file as "your last name_first name_Exam2" (for example, "Zou_Shiqiang_Exam2"). Note the location where you save the file so that you can easily access it to submit your exam. Now you can upload your completed Excel file for this exam HERE. We recommend you download your submission from Canvas to ensure you have submitted the correct file. If your file is submitted successfully, you are done. Otherwise, please don't do anything else and get technical assistance through our Zoom channel.
2.2.1   Wat is die naam van die mikro-organisme wat malaria veroorsaak?    (1)
The death of brain tissue due to deprivation of oxygen because of a blocked or ruptured artery in the brain is known as which of the following?
A school counselor obtains a 90% confidence interval for the proportion of 6th grade students who meet their minimum reading hours each month. Her confidence interval is (0.567, 0.631). Which of the following is the best interpretation of this confidence interval?
Embedded computers found in household appliances are very expensive.
Flagella are involved in:
The quality of a chord is determined by _______ . (Hint: "quality" refers to a chord being major or minor.)
The nurse is caring for a client who will be undergoing an upper gastrointestinal (GI) series testing the next day. Which instruction will the nurse provide to the client about the upcoming exam?
Match the stage of cellular respiration with its location in the cell. You may use a number more than once.
In which of the following scenarios is the patient a candidate for tocolysis?
A father calls the Emergency Department nurse saying that his daughter's eyes burn after getting some dishwasher detergent in them. The nurse recommends that the child be seen in the Emergency Department or by an ophthalmologist. The nurse also should recommend what action before the child is transported?
What bone is identified by 'D?
14. Cash tips of $20 or more received by a tipped employee in a calendar month are treated as remuneration subject to federal income tax withholding.
Which structural component of the gastrointestinal tract lies within the muscularis externa and controls the contractions that cause motility?
24.   A ______ protein has a specific shape to it so that only a particular molecule can bind to it.
Who was the heart and soul of the War Party faction in Texas politics?
The Greek word often translated happiness is eudaimonia and has more to do with living well or doing well than with one's happy emotional state.
Which of the following is/are true regarding dyes? (choose all that apply)
7. Which valve is a semilunar valve?
You notice the cord on the vital sign machine is frayed. What action should you take
