The sampling distribution used when making inferences about a single population's variance is
When both drift and selection are acting on a locus (alleles are not neutral and the population size is finite), which of the following can occur?
You are an ad-hoc reviewer for a peer-reviewed psychology journal. This journal does not utilize blind review, meaning that you know who the authors are when you review submitted manuscripts that are assigned to you. About 6 months ago, you had reviewed a conceptual manuscript submitted by two young women (self-described in the article as a Black woman assistant professor and a Mexican American woman third year doctoral student) on the topic of mentoring students of color in graduate psychology training programs. In fact, you reviewed this manuscript twice: their original submission and a revised submission. Both times you evaluated their manuscript favorably. The first time you submitted a recommendation of "revise and resubmit" to the editor. The second time you recommended the journal editor "accept the manuscript following minor revisions." However, you were later informed that the authors had decided to withdraw their manuscript from consideration. You wondered if part of the reason was because the editor--a prominent senior White man in the field--had requested both times that the authors remove content and theory associated with "anti-oppressive education" practices despite those suggestions never being made by any of the three reviewers (you are copied on action letters from the editor, which is where you saw his recommendations). You were disappointed that the authors had withdrawn their manuscript, but you assumed they would submit their manuscript to a journal with a more supportive editor. Today, you received the most recent issue of this journal in the mail. You open up the journal and scan the Table of Contents, always interested to check out the final products of manuscripts that you have reviewed. To your surprise, you see an article listed on the topic of mentoring students of color, but not by the two authors of the original paper you reviewed. Instead, the sole author of the article is the journal editor! You turn to the article and start reading. The content sounds so familiar, at least for the first half of the paper. You open your electronic copy of the manuscript submission you previously reviewed and see that about 15% of the content of the published article is word-for-word the same as the manuscript you reviewed. Another ~20% of the content is very similar, but with minor wording changes and restructuring of flow. What is different between the two papers (besides the authors) is that the published article ends with a section on how to help students of color navigate discriminatory systems, whereas the original submission focused on how to dismantle those systems. You are stunned. You are also uneasy, because you recall that as a reviewer of this journal, you signed an agreement to destroy copies of manuscript submissions after you complete each review. You have taken the lax approach of erasing all digital copies once a year instead of immediately after you submit your reviews.    Using the current APA ethics code, what are the ethical principles and ethical standards in this situation? Consider these principles and standards both as they relate to the journal editor and to you. Be specific. Select an ethical decision-making model and discuss your response to this dilemma. You must detail all steps or components of your selected model, including the action(s) you ultimately take. Discuss dynamics of power and privilege at play in this situation (use literature to support your claims). How do you use these considerations to inform your response?
Consider the structure for carbon monoxide below:  How many pairs of electrons are shared between the carbon and the oxygen?
True or False; The Queenston clastic wedge is a lateral equivalent of the Old Red Sandstone in Europe and thus can be used as evidence for plate tectonics (think back to William "Strata" Smith)?
When caring for a child just admitted to the hospital, it is important for the nurse to understand child development to implement which intervention?
Ivy works hard to collect a large, representative sample for her study. She should write about this in her Discussion as a:
The layer of the digestive tract, that allows for peristalsis, is the
Determine if the graph has an Euler circuit.  If the graph does not have an Euler circuit, explain why not.  If it does have an Euler circuit, describe it (i.e. list the vertex sequence).
The nurse is caring for a client in the emergency department with a aortic aneurysm that is dissecting. What is the priority nursing diagnosis for this client?
The treatment of brain tumors in children consists of which therapies? Select all that apply.
In a survey of family income in Miami-Dade County, you find that the median household income is $55,000.  The upper quartile (QU) of household income is $85,000 and the lower quartile (QL) of household income is $30,000.  Which of the following household income values would be outliers on a boxplot? I. $135,000 II. $165,000 III. $195,000
Write the solution (include all steps) to this problem on a piece of paper.  Once completed, hold the solution so I can see it on-camera for at least 3 seconds.  After you submit this exam, you will scan and submit the problems work as a single PDF document to the corresponding dropbox in eCampus for this exam.  The problems you submit to the dropbox must exactly match the problems shown on-camera.  If not, the grade for this exam will be a zero.  You may use an approved non-CAS calculator on this exam.  Solve the following system of equations by using any method.  You must show work for credit.  If using rref on your calculator, write down the augmented matrix you've typed into your calculator.  x-4y+3z=-11       y-3z =-6               z = 3{"version":"1.1","math":"x-4y+3z=-11       y-3z =-6               z = 3"}
Use the unit circle to find a) the quadrant or axis in which the angle lies, b) the reference angle, and c) the value of the trigonometric function.csc
Skill D2. As part of the process of designing a new microelectronics fabrication laboratory, a panel of five engineers must select one of four vendors for supplying the air circulation and contamination control system: Entegris, A+ Physics, SemiTorr, and MSSB.  Based on their evaluations of the vendors, each member of the panel (numbered 1 to 5) ranked the four vendors from #1 (best) to #4 (worst); these rankings are given in the following table.  Which alternative is best based on the Borda count?       Member   1   2   3   4   5     #1: Best   Entegris   A+ Physics   SemiTorr   MSSB   A+ Physics     #2   A+ Physics   Entegris   A+ Physics   A+ Physics   Entegris     #3   SemiTorr   SemiTorr   Entegris   Entegris   SemiTorr     #4   MSSB   MSSB   MSSB   SemiTorr   MSSB
Which of the following is NOT accomplished by the citric acid cycle?
All of the following are pro-inflammatory biochemical mediators EXCEPT:
1.2   Wat is die verskil tussen 'n besoek aan die akwarium en:             1.2.1   'n dag op die strand [Ans1]?   (1)         1.2.2   'n dag van inkopies [Ans2]?   (1)
Which of the following events is likely to produce the most stress for the average person?
The codon/codons (all written in 5' to 3') that the molecule in the figure could interact with is/are (select ALL that apply)
