29. After taking chlorpromazine, a typical antipsychotic, for 1 month, a client presents to the clinic with severe muscle rigidity, tachycardia and a temperature of 105 degrees F. What condition is most consistent with the assessment findings?
Which of the following statements are true regarding number 8 above?
During lunch in the cafeteria, the nurse overhears two colleagues discuss the care issues of a client. Which action should the nurse take?
In dealing with a conveyancing matter on behalf of a purchaser, you become aware of some misleading information that has been provided to the lender.  Which of the following best describes the position with regard to your duties of confidentiality?
Sometimes, chemical damage to DNA can occur just before DNA replication begins, not giving the repair system enough time to correct the error before the DNA is duplicated. This gives rise to mutation. If the adenosine in the sequence TCAT is depurinated and not repaired, which of the following is the point mutation that you would observe after this segment has undergone two rounds of DNA replication?
The correct order of phases in mitosis is
2a   What is meant by 'capital intensive'   (2)
The most important ion(s) that influence(s) cardiac function is (are):
Diffusion of _____ is the main cause of depolarization of a cell membrane.
Wayne and Lindsay go on a blind date, and they both enjoy themselves. At the end of the evening, Wayne tells Lindsay he will call her "soon." Lindsay expects to hear from Wayne by the next day, as that is what "soon" means to her, but he does not call for three weeks. Lindsay most likely made an error during which stage of the communication process?
What is the difference between a probiotic and prebiotic?
What type of a diet would be ordered for a resident who has difficulty chewing or swallowing?
What is it called when the females and males of a species are different colors?
The kidneys are responsible for stimulating RBC production through the release of erythropoietin.
A young homeless male is being treated with with isoniazid and chloramphenicol for a confirmed diagnosis of tuberculosis. His medication management is being supervised by the local health department. During a follow-up medication refill appointment, the patient complains of fatigue and tiredness. His initial laboratory values show anemia with high levels of iron. The following results are reported from a complete blood count: WBC: 7200 cells/ml3 Hgb: 9.8 g/dL Hct: 29.8% Platelet: 227,000 plt/uL MCV: 74 u3 (80-100 u3) MCH: 22 pg (26-34 pg) MCHC: 28% (32-36%) Serum iron: 184 mcg/dL (50-160 mcg/dL)   Which of the following treatments is appropriate for this hematologic abnormality?
A nurse is providing teaching to a client about measures to prevent urinary tract infections (UTIs). Which of the following client statements indicates a need for further teaching?
Which of the following represents the initial dose of Amiodarone for an adult patient in V-Fib?
According to ___________ government/representatives should do what is best for the people that elected them first, then do what is best for the nation as a whole.
Which patient requires the highest priority for an inpatient hospital-based admission?
Anticipating, judging and reacting emotionally are all barriers to effective listening.
