A seafood importer entered into a written agreement with a restaurant chain to sell the restaurant chain 500 pounds of prawns for a total price of $10,000. Prior to the date set for execution of the contract, the market price for prawns soared because of a natural disaster in an area where a large percentage of prawns are cultivated. The importer informed the restaurant chain that the cost of prawns had risen and requested that the contract price be adjusted to $12,000 for the 500 pounds of prawns as a result. The restaurant chain agreed orally to pay the $12,000, but no written confirmation was exchanged between the parties. Shortly thereafter, the market for prawns stabilized and prawns became available again at predisaster price levels. The importer shipped 500 pounds of prawns to the restaurant chain. On receipt, the restaurant chain sent the importer a certified check in the amount of $10,000, marking it "payment in full." The importer did not cash the check, but telephoned the restaurant chain demanding an additional $2,000. The restaurant chain refuses to pay the additional sum. May the importer enforce its demand for an additional $2,000 in a court of law?
The convergence theory that has modern technology bringing disparate societies closer together, toward a single set of social values, is
Antillia is a small island nation. Antillia's laws allow for lex talionis, and the people of Antillia believe that their laws came from Shamash. Challenges to Antillia's law - such as to adapt it to social, economic, and technological trends - are practically impossible because the challenges are seen as blasphemy (as people trying to take the place of a deity). To what Code is this similar?
Which of the following is NOT associated with oligohydramnios?
A lessee has substantially all of the benefits and risks of ownership in an operating lease.
Cuando un pais es rico y poderoso es una
Cola has a pH of 3.5. This means that it has an excess of _______ ions and would be called a(n) ________.
An 11-year old female visits your office with a bright red rash on her face resembling "slapped cheeks". Your diagnosis is "Fifth Disease" caused by human parvovirus B19. B19 normally causes a benign acute disease in healthy individuals, but you know that it can cause this serious outcome if a seronegative woman becomes infected during pregnancy:
Thoroughly identify one of the following: Start by stating the term that you are identifying.  Anglican Church Christian Humanism Predestination 95 thesis Nicolaus Copernicus The Enlightenment The Protestant Reformation The Scientific Revolution Natural Law and Reason Enlightened Despotism Isaac Newton The Bourbon Dynasty bourgeoise
Ordered is a liter of IV NS over 5 hours.  The drip factor is 15gtts/cc.  Calculate the gtts/minute
What is the approximate percentage of children in the United States who spend their entire childhood living in the same household with both parents?
One of the advantages associated with television as an advertising medium is that it
Is the following statement true or false? Two variables with correlation coefficient r=-0.15{"version":"1.1","math":"r=-0.15"} have a strong linear association.
Which statement is NOT true with respect to meiosis?
Please use the blank excel below to conduct excel-related calculations. Excel_blank-1.xlsx   View the figures in this file if the figures in the questions are not visible: figures_midterm-2.docx  , or through the following link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/17wyuI_l8SDKovaUraQKsRsGk_mwx0pD-cAWlkDAdWWI/edit?usp=sharing
MULTIPLE CHOICE. Find the slope of a line that is perpendicular to the line connecting the points  and
King of warrior group; able and generous leader
A manual might use
Will the cells at the end of telophase of mitosis with cytokinesis complete be diploid or haploid?  Instructions: List diploid or haploid for your answer. Do not use capital letters.
Several students living in the same dorm have presented to the PLNU "Wellness Center" with similar symptoms including headache, fever, cough, body-aches and sore throats.  The school nurse plans to implement a preventative health program.  Which would include which of the following?
