Bespreek vir die volgende of die vulruimte waar of onwaar is. Tik die woord waar OF vervang die woord met blou vetdruk om die sin na waar te verander. a) Stoor-snelheid is belangrik wanneer jy 'n program of groot dataleer oopmaak. [w1] b) Met 'n vinniger GPU kan jy vinniger op die internet blaai. [w2] c) Die grootte van Cache beinvloed die prestasie van die SVE. [W3] d) Skyfgeheue is op die RAM gelee. [W4] e) Die doel van 'n koelplaat is om al die interne komponente van 'n rekenaar af te koel. [w5]
Assuming your Process Lead Time is 50 (it is not), what is the Process Value Efficiency, not including the truck?
The plant community that exists in a given area is determined by all of the following factors except:
Which of the following will lead to a higher interest rate on a loan?
Even though you are guided by general policies about priorities, you will need to make judgments concerning performing the work in the most beneficial way for your manager and for the organization.
Use the diagram above, Number 1-6 and label what simple machine is being at each number.
A patient is receiving acetaminophen for fever. The patient also has inflammation in the knees and elbows with pain. Acetaminophen will effective treat the fever and inflammation.
An ophthalmologist is interested in dilating a patient's eyes for examination. The drug class most likely to be used to cause the desired mydriasis is:
Reports, protests, and informal meetings are all examples of ________.
Which of the following should NOT be considered for authorship on a paper?
In neurally adjusted ventilatory assist (NAVA), which of the following organs is used to guide the optimal functions of the ventilator?
A triangular fence has sides that measure 11 yards, 30 yards, and 35 yards. What is the measure of the greatest angle that is formed? Round to the nearest whole degree.
The formula for annual depreciation using the units-of-activity method is
There are two types of jobs: type A and type B. Type A job arrivals follow a Poisson arrival process with a rate of 5 per hour.  Type B job arrivals follow a Poisson process with a rate of 10 per hour. Type A jobs are sent to processor 1 and type B jobs are sent to processor 2.
A bottom blowdown is most effective when the boiler is under high load and the feedwater input is high.
[Biome]  are located around equatorial regions, precipitation is seasonal with long dry/drought seasons annually.
A/An ____________________ is a knot of varicose veins located on one side of the scrotum.
Which of the following is NOT a function of the muscular system?
SECTION B: CONTEXTUAL QUESTIONS  Answer TWO of the THREE questions, CLEARLY NUMBER YOUR QUESTIONS     QUESTION 2: (BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT)     Answer the following questions thoroughly, please number according to numbers in the question paper and write point by point.     2.1   Read the case study below and answer the questions that follow.             BLOU BANK Blou Bank was recently fined R30 million by the NCR for the reckless granting of loans to customers who do not qualify for a loan. The bank did not properly assess the creditworthiness of the customers, which resulted in some customers not being able to repay their loans and yet getting deeper into debt. The NCR has ordered the bank to write off the debts from loans that were granted recklessly.         2.1.1   Identify the Act in question in the above case study.   (2)     2.1.2   Discuss the consequences that Blue Bank may face for the reckless granting of loans.   (6)     2.1.3   Analyse the positive impact of the Act identified in QUESTION 2.1.1 on.   (4)     2.2   Strategic management is a process that ensures that appropriate business strategies are developed and implemented in response to challenges in the business environment.         2.2.1   Explain the term strategy.   (2)     2.2.2   Motivate how each of the THREE diversification strategies can be implemented.   (3x3)     2.3   Read the following scenario and answer the questions that follow:             OCEAN VIEW HOTEL (OVH) The management of Ocean View Hotel wants to improve their strategic management process. They conducted an environmental analysis and identified the following challenges:  OVH is located in an area where the unemployment rate is high. The new Uitsig Hotel's prices for similar services are lower than OVH's prices. Many workers are late for work and do not meet their daily obligations.          2.3.1   Name THREE types of business environments and classify each challenge from the scenario above under their specific environments. Also name the degree of control that businesses have over EACH environment. Copy the table below into the ANSWER BLOCK to answer the question.     BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT:   CHALLENGE:   DEGREE OF CONTROL:                                                   (9)     2.3.2   Recommend ways in which the business can comply with the Employment Equity Act (EEA), 1998 (Act 55 of 1998).   (8)         TOTAL QUESTION 2   [40]         OR
Which of the following are types of post processing of digital images?                       1. contrast enhancement                       2. image stitching                       3. windowing
