2.1   After the end of the Second World War, America(USA) and Russia (USSR) emerged as the two big superpowers. This was due to the result of the war.  It led to a diplomatic war, which almost resulted in a nuclear war. This was known as the Cold War.    Write an essay about 350-400 words in which you describe the growing tensions that developed between the two countries. Your essay should focus on the different ways these countries were governed and managed (the economy). Mention must be made of the different political ideologies, the aims of the two superpowers and how tensions could lead to possible catastrophe. Use the following structure:  Introduction: Definition of the superpowers and why they existed must be included in your introduction. Body: Definition of the political ideologies, aims of the superpowers and tensions that arose. Conclusion     (20)
Two objects, one of mass m and the other of mass 2m, are dropped from the top of a building. If there is no air resistance, when they hit the ground:
What is the [ H3O+] in a solution with [OH-] = 1 x 10-12 M?
Find the sum of the geometric series.
What is the pH of a 0.010 M triethanolammonium chloride, (HOC2H2)3NHCl, solution?   Kb, ((HOC2H2)3N) = 5.9 x 10-7
0.5060 grams of liquid cyclohexanol (C6H11OH) undergo complete combustion in a bomb calorimeter. The calorimeter assembly has a heat capacity of 827.0 J/deg C and contains exactly 1000 grams of water. What is the final temperature if the initial water temperature is 24.98 deg C? The heat of combustion of the cyclohexanol is -3727 kJ/mol.
What was the goal of the Reconstruction Finance Corporation signed into law in 1932 by Herbert Hoover?
What is one difference between an interface and an abstract class? What is one similarity between an interface and an abstract class?
A patient is seen by her primary care physician due to recurrent diarrhea and cramping abdominal pain. She notes that sometimes her stool looks like it has a mucus like gel within it but notes that there is no blood present. Laboratory examination of her stool reveals no white blood cells or other indications of an inflammatory process. She also does not have any of the antibodies that suggest she is sensitive to gluten. Imaging studies reveal no intestinal obstruction. What is her most likely diagnosis?
Which of the following muscle has an origin on the transverse processes of C4-T5.
It is a good idea to practice your speech in private, so no one will know the content and planned delivery in advance.
Where should the operator stand when using as C-arm fluoroscopy unit in a horizontal central ray )CR) position?
For accurate medication administration to pediatric patients, the nurse must take into account which criteria?
The following flow-volume loop is consistent with which of the following?
How many cows do most beef cow/calf producers have in the U.S.?
Which of the following statements about the determination of aluminum contamination in 99m Tc eluate is true?
In HIPAA, PHI means Patient Health Information.
X-rays are a form of invisible, highly penetrating, electromagnetic radiation that can produce scatter or secondary radiation.
10. The pulse at end of string  shown below that is secured to a wall will be
Which one of the following is NOT a function of visual aids that we discussed in class?
