PART II - BONUS QUESTIONS  The following are bonus questions. Points WILL NOT be deducted, even if you answer the questions wrong. Read the following news article and answer the questions at the end.     Boning Up Against Breast Cancer: How It Can Alter Its Structure to Help It Spread Karla Lant, the Science Times A team of scientists from the University of Sheffield and University of Copenhagen have discovered an enzyme which helps breast cancer spread, and in the process, have found a possible way to prevent the spread of breast cancer-secondary or metastatic cancer-in patients. Bones are the most common routes breast cancer takes as it spreads, involved in about 85 percent of secondary breast cancer cases. The work took place in London at the Institute of Cancer Research. The team discovered the primary tumor releases the enzyme LysYl Oxidase (LOX) which causes holes in bone. This is how the cancer prepares for more cancer cells, creating a home for them in the holey bones. According to team leader Dr. Alison Gartland of the Department of Human Metabolism at the University of Sheffield, "This is important progress in the fight against breast cancer metastasis and these findings could lead to new treatments to stop secondary breast tumors growing in the bone, increasing the chances of survival for thousands of patients." The researchers believe that early detection of LOX in estrogen receptor negative (ER negative) patients will allow doctors to block its action, preventing damage to the bones and metastasis. The team also proved that treatment with an existing class of osteoporosis drug, bisphosphonate, can prevent the changes. This treatment prevented breast cancer from spreading in mice. Dr. Gartland believes this important research may provide cancer patients with a better prognosis over the long term. "We are really excited about our results that show breast cancer tumors send out signals to destroy the bone before cancer cells get there in order to prepare the bone for the cancer cells' arrival. The next step is to find out exactly how the tumor secreted LOX interacts with bone cells to be able to develop new drugs to stop the formation of the bone lesions and cancer metastasis. This could also have implications for how we treat other bone diseases too." Study co-leader Dr. Janine Erler of the Biotech Research and Innovation Centre (BRIC) at the University of Copenhagen, said, "Once cancer spreads to the bone it is very difficult to treat. Our research has shed light on the way breast cancer cells prime the bone so it is ready for their arrival. If we were able to block this process and translate our work to the clinic, we could stop breast cancer in its tracks thereby extending patients' lives." Senior Research Communications Manager Katherine Woods of Breast Cancer Campaign and Breakthrough Breast Cancer said, "By unveiling the role that the protein LOX is playing, these results open up a whole new avenue for research and treatments that could stop breast cancer spreading to the bone. The research also adds weight to the growing body of evidence supporting the role of bisphosphonates in stopping secondary breast cancer in its tracks. The reality of living with secondary breast cancer in the bone is a stark one, which leaves many women with bone pain and fractures that need extensive surgery just when they need to be making the most of the time they have left with friends and family." The research was published this week in the journal Nature.       The osteoporosis drug (prevent bone loss), bisphosphonate, may stop secondary breast cancer by inhibiting ______.
Where would a suture be found?
After repeatedly pairing the sound of a bell with food being placed in a dog's mouth, the sound of the bell alone will make the dog salivate. At this point, the sound of the bell is a(n):
Diagrams A, B, and C represent three acids (HA) dissolved in water. Which diagram shows the weakest acid?
A good source of vitamin K is
On the Y axis of any graph, as we move up the axis, the scores become
1a   What is meant by entrepreneur   (2)
The federal agency that regulates the use of ionizing radiation including medical and nuclear applications is the
What are polyribosomes?
In preparing an amortization table, it is necessary to include:
Colleges have a serious problem with alcohol abuse among students, and its not getting any better. . . . Binge drinking--defined as the heavy, episodic use of alcohol--has persisted on campuses despite both a general decrease in alcohol consumption among Americans and an increase in the number of abstainers. Some people (including the author of a recent front-page article in The New York Times) have assumed that the latter two trends have translated into more moderate drinking on the campuses. Nothing could be farther from the truth.  Our recent research, which received support from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, was the only large-scale study to date of the extent and consequences of binge drinking at a representative sample of American colleges and universities. Our detailed findings from surveys of 17,592 students at 140 randomly selected four-year colleges were published in the December 7, 2014, issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association. . . . Our study found that 44 percent of all students in the sample were binge drinkers--50 percent of the men and 39 percent of the women. from "Too Many Colleges Are Still in Denial about Alcohol Abuse" by Henry Wechsler, Charles Deutsch, and George Dowdall, p. 943 The authors help establish the severity of the problem of drinking on campus by pointing out the following:
Of the following options, a sign-in sheet at a physician's office is best described as __________.
One of the purposes of the legislation is to ensure that protective statutes are applied
Because many products cannot be made entirely safe for all uses, sellers or lessors are liable only for products that are unreasonably dangerous.
How should Behavior Tree Node P be assigned?
Cells are isothermal.
When replacement therapy is started for a patient with long-standing hypothyroidism, what is most important for the nurse to monitor for in the patient?
A nurse cares for a client following a traumatic brain injury.  The nurse notes a nursing diagnosis of "Risk of ineffective cerebral tissue perfusion related to interrupted cerebral blood flow and cerebral edema."  Which intervention should be included in the plan of care?
Which of the following statements about predator-prey interactions is FALSE.
The effect of acetylcholine can be stimulating or inhibiting. Which of the following gives the best explanation for why this is so?
