Glucose and glucose-6-phosphate (Glucose-6-P) do not move across artificial membranes (made of phospholipids but lacking proteins). To further your understanding of cell membrane functions, you conducted an experiment on the transport of glucose and glucose-6-P into living muscle cells. At the start of the experiment, the concentration of both kinds of molecules outside the cells was 1.0 Molar (M). The original concentration of each molecule inside the cells was 0.1 M. (column labeled 0 hr). After 2 hours, the concentration of each molecule inside the cells was measured (column labeled 2 hr). As a follow-up, you add cyanide at this point (2 hr after start time) to the cells in the continuing experiment. This stops all ATP production inside the cells. Two hours later (4 hours total), you again determine the level of the test molecules inside the cells (column labeled +2 hr +Cyanide). Muscle Cells Intracellular Concentrations:     Time   0 hr   2 hr   +2 hr +Cyanide     Glucose   0.1M   0.5M   1.0M     Glucose-6-P   0.1M   0.1M   0.1M      Is glucose being transported into the muscle cells? If that is the case, through which process does uptake take place? Write the number of your choice and explain your reasoning in the text box.  No, it is not being transported into the cells Yes, it is being transported by simple diffusion Yes, it is being transported by facilitated diffusion Yes, it is being transported by active transport There is not enough information to determine the type of process
William and Charlotte Collins divorced in November of year 1. William moved out and Charlotte remained in their house with their 10-month-old daughter Autumn. Diana, Charlotte's mother, lived in the home and acted as Autumn's nanny for all of year 1. William provided 70% of Autumn's support, Diana provided 20%, and Charlotte provided 10%. When the time came to file their tax returns for year 1, William, Charlotte, and Diana each wanted to claim Autumn as a dependent. Their respective AGIs for year 1 were $50,000, $35,000, and $52,000. Who has priority to claim Autumn as a dependent?
Sertoli (sustentacular) cells do all of the following EXCEPT:
While Aristotle differs from Socrates in affirming a fact of incontinence, he ultimately agrees with Socrates that no one does what she knows is wrong.
The temperature at which diesel fuel will ignite when heated (approximately 380-500 degrees F) is known as its _______________.
What is the big red spot on Jupiter?
In the perpetual moving-average inventory method:
The chemical formula of dichlorine pentasulfide is
How many electrons are in a positive ion of Helium (He has two protons)
True or False     The alternate view to employ in order to assess a Blow-Out fracture would be an Open Mouth Waters view.
During 2020, Ralph made the following contributions to the University of Oregon (a qualified charitableorganization):                Cash                                                                                               $13,000               Stock in Raptor, Inc. (a publicly traded corporation)                 $54,500 Ralph acquired the stock in Raptor, Inc., as an investment fourteen months ago at a cost of $42,000. Ralph's AGI forthe year is $189,000. What is Ralph's charitable contribution deduction for the current year?
The enzyme that forms a transport channel in the inner membrane of the mitochondria and uses the potential energy of the proton gradient to form ATP is the
Heart chamber that receives blood from the lungs.
Which of the following forearm bones makes up the prominence of the elbow?
The falling action ends with the
DIRECTIONS: Read the article and select the best answer to each question. EARTH UNIVERSITY [A] For many universities around the world, the college experience has become more environmentally friendly, from recycling to renewable energy use, to biking to class. But at EARTH University in eastern Costa Rica, it's the main focus of study.[B] "We're forming leaders to go out and influence their communities and their countries to take greater care of the Earth and change the world," said Jose Zaglul, the university's president. That may seem like a lofty mission for a small college of 417 students in a remote area. But the university is well-known for its excellent teaching methods and facilities.[C] The university has its own rain forest area and organic farm, so students can learn how their planet works while on campus. "It's as if on the first day of medical school, you go [and work in] the emergency room," university president Zaglul said. "You may not know the science yet, but [as a student] you're exposed to the environment from day one. Once you go back to the classroom, things make more sense."[D] The school's organic farm produces vegetables for the school cafeteria and local communities. It also produces food for pigs, cows, and chickens, and it raises a local fish called guapote. Panfilo Tabora, an EARTH University professor who heads the farm, says it was one of the first "teaching" organic farms. "All students have to come here and put in their shift, to question and compare things, innovate, and then implement what they have learned," Tabora said.What does lofty mean in paragraph B?
Using the CRAAP test, explain why a newspaper is or is not a good source.
Trevor Traveler is on a domestic flight heading from San Francisco to Raleigh when he experiences a medical emergency. Thankfully, Daisy Doctor is also on the plane and is able to perform CPR to keep him stabilized until they land, at which point he is taken to a local hospital for further treatment. Two weeks later, Trevor is shocked when he receives a $37,000 bill from Daisy for the services she provided. Daisy argues that $37,000 is reasonable because she is a nationally renowned cardiovascular specialist who graduated from one of the top medical schools in the world. Which of the following statements is correct?
The most important consideration when collecting a blood culture is
Sketch the graph of the equation.2) y = -x2-2
