Please use the Heparin Protocol to answer the questions. WEIGHT ADJUSTED HEPARIN PROTOCOLLab Orders:  STAT: PT, INR, PTT, CBC  STAT: PTT 6 hours after any Heparin BOLUS or rate adjustment.  PTT every 6 hours until two (2) consecutive PTTs are therapeutic (46 to 70). Then change PTT to every 24 hours.  Stop Heparin infusion if platelet count is less than 100,000 or platelet count drops by 50% pre-Heparin level, and notify healthcare provider.   STEPS IN CALCULATING HEPARIN DOSAGE (INITIAL DOSAGE)  Change weight in pounds to kilograms.  Calculate IV Bolus Heparin at 80 units/kg (80 units per kg).   On hand: Heparin 5000 units/1 ml   Calculate IV Heparin continuous infusion at 18 units/kg/hr (18 units per kg per hr).   On hand: Heparin continuous infusion 25,000 units in 250 ml D5W.  Adjust Heparin infusion rate based on the sliding scale below (after the initial dosing and based upon subsequent PTTs):       PTT   UNITS OF HEPARIN      90    STOP Heparin for 1 hour, Then reduce Heparin infusion by 3 units/kg/hr.        The healthcare provider writes an order to initiate the weight based Heparin protocol. You are starting an infusion of heparin on a {x} pound patient. The PTT is 31. The initial infusion rate will be _____________ units/hr. Record your answer using a whole number. Enter only a number in the blank.
GBS also affects the autonomic system. Which of the following is a sign or symptom indicating autonomic dysfunction commonly seen with this population?
Which of the following statements are true of a neuron?( select all that apply)
Which is correct, concerning human impacts on coral reefs?
21.  A client complains of a chronic dry, nonproductive cough and states he has started a new medication for hypertension, but can't remember the name. Based on this information, which of the following drugs is the client most likely taking?
Suppose that you have the following code.int num = 10;if (num > 10){    System.out.println(num); }else {    System.out.println(num + 5);}The output of this code is 5.
A whiff is a term that describes a swing out of the rough on the golf course.
After a meal,            is released to reduce the appetite.
Simplify the expression so that no negative exponents appear in the final result. (5x-4)3(x2)-4
A patient has received a diagnosis of irritant contact dermatitis.  What patient education should the nurse prioritize for the patient's subsequent self-care?
A preschoolers' development of skills, knowledge, and attitudes that underlie reading and writing is called
Which work was written by Sophocles?
2.2.1   Gee 'n kort beskrywing van 'n supermark winkel.   (2)
The 26-year-old patient with a malignant neoplasm has experienced a 10-pound weight loss in 3 weeks. To which factor is this patient's rapid weight loss most likely related?
The definition of "Salary Caps" is
Identify the bone labeled "E "
Record the journal entry (if any) for the date of declaration.  If no entry, write "No Entry Required".  If an entry is necessary, use the following account headings when recording the entry:                              Accounts                                                           Debit         Credit
Write the exponential equation in logarithmic form.
Use the graph from Question 14 to answer this question. Which major experienced the greatest increase in numbers during this 6-year time?
Which of the following proteins would you expect to find overexpressed in cancer cells that do not respond to apoptotic signals?
