What is accomplished by the call to sprintf in the code fragment below?                    char ans[20];                  int  num = 40;                  sprintf(ans, "%d to %d", num, num + 10);       Nothing, the function name is misspelled.    It returns as its value the string "40 to 50".    It displays first the value of ans and then the string "40 to 50" (without the quote marks).    It aborts because the value of ans is garbage.    None of the above.
Your patient is an average-sized adult who has abnormal microcytic hypochromic red blood cells due to a long-term, chronic disease. Which of the following CBC results is characteristic of this type of anemia?
________ has been found to positively influence health outcomes.
This question has two parts. Be sure to separate your answer into two parts. 1. Explain the significance of threshold.  2. How is the strength of a stimulus related to reaching threshold?
Lymph nodes act as filters so disease organisms do not spread.
In 1952 and 1960, nearly what percentage of Texans identified with the Democratic Party?
Describe the groundwork that Tycho Brahe laid out for our current understanding of planetary orbits. Be detailed and explicit.
From your knowledge of QoS and 802.1P tagged frames,which SAP definition would be best for matching just those specific frames? For simplicity, assume the SAP is being defined on port 1/1/1.
Extra Credit # 58 Which of the following I:E ratios will lead to the least cardiovascular embarrassment?
A 24-hour urine sample is ordered to determine which of the following?
Currently regarding subsurface rights, courts have ruled that citizens own as far down as they can physically go (i.e., there is no limit currently).
Why do we need to increase the temperature to 96degC as the very first step in regular PCR?
It is known that birds can detect the earth's magnetic field, but the mechanism of how they do this is not known. It has been suggested that perhaps they detect a motional emf as they fly north to south, but it turns out that the induced voltages are small compared to the voltages normally encountered in cells, so this is probably not the mechanism involved. To check this out, calculate the induced voltage across the wingtips of a wild goose with a wingspan of 1.2 m if it is flying directly south at 3 m/s at a point where the earth's magnetic field is 5.0 x10-5 T directed downward from the horizontal by 400 .
Consider the following code snippet.  Scanner inputFile = new Scanner("hoursWorked.txt"); Which of the following statements is correct?
Consider the poset ({1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 10, 12, 16, 30}, |). Find LUB{8, 10}
11. In 2004, a random sample of 46 coyotes in a region of northern Minnesota showed the average age to be 2.05 years with a standard deviation of 0.82 years.  However, it is thought that the overall population mean age of coyotes is 1.75 years.  Test the hypothesis that coyotes in this region of northern Minnesota live longer than the average of 1.75 years.  (While answering the following sub-parts of this question, you will be including the null and alternative hypothesis, the test statistic, the p-value (a visualization and an interpretation), your statistical decision, and your conclusion in the context of the problem.) (c) Interpret the p-value for Step 3 of the hypothesis test.
Which one of the following is not an empirical formula?
Given, s = 'hello' What is the value of, s[5]
A physical therapist is aware that during pregnancy, exercise-induced arrhythmia is possible, so precautions are taken.  Which of the following strategies would help reduce the risk of exercise induced cardiac arrhythmia in a pregnant woman?
Opportunities for conversation are available during routine activities.
