3003D2021_Exam1.pdf  Download the Exam 1 file.  Complete your solution.  Upload your solution using this Quiz assignment consistent with the exam requirements.
Ilaria Marciano, the founder and sole owner of Gelato Bello, an ice cream business, is an old friend and client of yours.  She has approached you for advice on the following matters: Answer the questions completely, using the law, rates and allowances applicable for the 2020/21 tax year.  If you believe you do not have sufficient information to answer a question, explain what further information you require. 2a) Although Gelato Bello is quite successful, after 10 years in the business Ms Marciano is getting bored of ice cream.  She is thinking of selling Gelato Bello and starting a new venture.  She has told you that she is considering two options.  The first is to sell Gelato Bello to another ice cream business.  However, she is unhappy with the possibility that a new owner might fold the business into its existing brand.  The second option is to sell the business to her niece Giuseppina Marciano.  Her niece, of whom she is very fond, has been working at Gelato Bello for more than five years, is passionate about artisanal ice cream and has plans to expand the business in Dorset and Hampshire. Based on conversations with her accountants and some very initial discussions with potential purchasers, she believes she would be able to get PS750,000 for Gelato Bello if it were sold to a third party.  The accountants have assessed the value of the business as PS500,000 for the office, factory and shops, PS225,000 for goodwill and PS25,000 for company vehicles.  The various premises were acquired for a total of PS300,000 and the vehicles for PS50,000. Alternatively, Ms Marciano would be willing to sell the business to her niece for PS600,000.  As part of the sale, she would lend Giuseppina PS200,000 for five years, interest-free. Either sale would take place during the 2020/21 tax year.   a) Describe and calculate the tax consequences to Ms Marciano of a sale of Gelato Bello to a third party for PS750,000.  In 2020/21, Gelato Bello generated PS50,000 in trading profits.  Assume that Ms Marciano's only other income for the year is PS3,000 in interest on various accounts.  Discuss all relevant reliefs. (20 marks)
Sophia has learned to make change whenever we played "store." However, this response did not initially generalize to any other setting. Coaching her performance in each of the community settings where Sophia had to handle money enhanced her ability to generalize across settings and people. This is an example of:
Which of the following statements pertaining to sexual reproduction is true?
What percentage of new mothers show some symptoms of depression after the birth of a baby?
True/false:  If any part of the statement is false, then the entire statement should be scored as false. Q#1.  Japanese cultural restraint in emotional expression is evident at many points in the film Nobody Knows. This includes a limited response by family members when Akira's newfound "friends" roughly push Shigeru against the wall (Kyoko stares at Akira but speaks no words).  When Akira first realizes that Yuki is dead, there are no tears.  However, we soon see Akira standing in a busy street that often turns white and blurry.  This is Koreeda's way of demonstrating that Akira is in fact experiencing a very strong emotional reaction to Yuki's death and has lost his sense of orientation to this once familiar scene.
In the introduction phase, profit is typically
Photoreceptors are an example of an exteroceptor.
All of the following are properties of x-rays except:
Using the photo below, match the following with a letter: Ductus deferens
The minimal number of members required for an Institutional Review Board (IRB) is _____.
The logical jump that Einstein made in formulating general relativity was that acceleration in a gravitational field and acceleration due to motion...
The nurse is caring for a female child with gender dysphoria. Which finding indicates improvement in the child?
As noted in the text, almost three quarters of the jury deliberation time is devoted to the _____, and about 20% of the time is dedicated to discussing the _____.
Where is the optic nerve?
According to the assigned video, drug withdrawal in correctional settings can result in which of the following?
What kind of  tissue forms long bones in the embryo?
The Texas Supreme Court has exclusive jurisdiction over the automatic  appeals of all death penalty verdicts.
In craniospinal irradiation, delivery of radiation needs to encompass the entire brain and spinal cord in the same course (fraction).
If 20.00 mL of 0.1500 M NaOH is added to 40.00 mL of 0.2500 M HCl, what is the concentration of any excess H3O+ or OH- and what is the pH of the final solution?
