QUESTION 1         1.1   A library has a total of 10 494 fiction and non-fiction books.             The ratio fiction books : non-fiction books = 13:5             Find the number of non-fiction books the library has.   [3]     1.2   The library has DVDs on crime, adventure and science fiction.             The ratio crime : adventure : science fiction = 11 : 6 : 10             The library has 384 more science fiction DVDs than adventure DVDs.             Calculate the number of crime DVDs the library has.   [3]     1.3   In Spain, the price of a book is 11.99 euros.             In the USA, the price of the same book is $12.99             The exchange rate is $1 = 0.9276 euros.             Calculate the difference between these prices.             (Give your answers in dollars, correct to the nearest cent)   [3]     1.4   7605 books were borrowed from the library in 2021             This was 22% less than in 2020.             Calculate the number of books borrowed in 2020.   [3]
Suppose that . Find the inflection points of f(x).
5.  Reactions are governed by both thermodynamics and kinetics. How a reaction proceeds depends on both the values of DG and the activation energy, Ea.      a) How does the value of DG affect how a reaction proceeds?  (Address either sign, magnitude, or both.)  Be brief.  (4 pts)      b) How does the magnitude of the activation energy, Ea, influence how a reaction proceeds?  Be brief.  (4 pts)
Some company websites check for viruses on the server before providing a file for download.
The process by which DNA makes an exact copy of itself is called
Many factors influence food choices by individuals. Among these are:
Which of the following is not a characteristic of sinuses?
One gram of fat has how much metabolic energy in it?
A 36-year-old male patient who suffers from persistent gastrointestinal distress and frequent diarrhea is 5 feet 11 inches tall and currently weighs 155 pounds. His weight six months ago was 178 pounds, which was his usual body weight for many years. According to the patient, his postprandial (post-meal) GI distress has caused a loss of interest in food and eating.  How is this patient's % usual body weight defined?
Which 3 statements are true concerning evolution?
Write the Spanish word that completes this math equation: tres + cuatro =
A scientist decided to additionally support the findings in his research report with secondary sources of information. Give two examples of different types of publications that belong to the secondary sources of information.
The main difference between licensing and accreditation involves.
VRAAG 5: TEKSBOKSIE (5)     Definieer die volgende terme deur jou antwoorde in die gegewe teksboksie te tik wat verskaf word. Onthou om jou antwoorde volgens die vrae te nommer.     5.1   Asemhaling   (1)     5.2   Onoplosbare stowwe   (1)     5.3   Atoom/atome   (1)     5.4   Molekule   (1)     5.5   Oplosmiddel   (1)
6-The nose is ____ to the chin.
What book of wisdom explores how we should think about God when life goes desperately wrong?
Insulin activates fatty acid synthesis by:
At which stage of a social movement is there initial unrest and agitation?
Select the examples that can undergo microevolution. (Check all that apply.)
Which of the following are not part of the basal ganglia? Select all the answers that you think are correct.
