Who left Spain in 1519 and, although he did not survive the full voyage, he is given credit as being the first person to circumnavigate the globe? He also named the Pacific Ocean.
The Bradford assay is a colorometric assay used to measure protein concentration. The protein concentration is exhibited by a color change of a solution from clear (little or no protein present) to blue (protein present). The darkness of the blue is proportional to the protein concentration in the solution. Bovine Serum Albumin (BSA) is a protein used to generate a standard curve when performing a Bradford assay, to determine the protein concentration of samples (see the table below).  Which of the sample rows in the picture below most likely contains 1250 ug/uL BSA?
Which radiology technique uses high-frequency inaudible sound waves that bounce off body tissues and are then recorded?
The chemical reactivity of an element is determined by which of the following?
According to one study, children's IQ scores increased after they were removed from abusive households and placed with adoptive families. However, children placed with certain families had their IQ scores increase more dramatically than those placed with other families. What family characteristic was found to be associated with these differences?
What classification are peaches and plums in?
During chemiosmosis in aerobic respiration, a high H+ concentration is located
Which of the following joints of the ankle allows the foot to adapt to uneven surfaces?
By completing this exam I acknowledge I understand:  PHSC's policies on cheating and plagiarism, that using notes, phones, unauthorized electronic devices, books, and other assistance is prohibited for this exam, that using the above, or giving the appearance of using them will result in a score of zero for the exam.  You need to select the "I have read this statement" choice below.  Failure to do so will result in a zero for the exam.
Where is the gastroduodenal artery a direct branch of?
*What is the normal percentage range of eosinophils (as described in our differential WBC count activity)?
The nurse is assessing a patient who is 6 hours postoperative from a coronary artery bypass graft surgery. The patient's heart rate is 120, blood pressure is 90/50, urine output is decreased, chest tube output is decreased, heart sounds are muffled, and peripheral pulses are diminished. What action should the nurse take first?
True or false? Protein-energy malnutrition is relatively rare in both developed and developing countries.
What equiptment meets the minimum hardware requirements for using Honorlock?
This chemical bond type forms between the nitrogen bases on one DNA strand and the complementary nitrogen bases on the other DNA strand.
What is the term for a real estate broker/salesperson's SUBJECTIVE statements about a property that are made by the broker/salesperson in its attempt to convince a person to buy the property? ie. "this home has the most beautiful view I have ever seen!"
Problem Solving Question 1. The following table gives the same-sex twin correlations for four traits. Assume large and well-powered samples were used to derive these correlations. Use this table below to answer the next four questions using the information provided from this table (Note: your answers should have 2 digits after the decimal point).       Trait   MZ Correlation   DZ Correlation     Height (HT)   0.90   0.45     General cognitive (IQ)   0.85   0.60     Neuroticism (N)   0.45   0.25     Extraversion (EXT)   0.50   0.10
A daring 556 N swimmer dives off a cliff with a running horizontal leap. What minimum horizontal speed must she reach just as she leaves the top of the cliff to miss the ledge at the bottom, that is 1.75 m wide and 9.00 m below the cliff top?
The patient, a 68-year-old female known to have congestive heart failure currently controlled by medication, is admitted to the hospital by her physician because of posterior calf pain with warmth and swelling of the proximal right lower leg. A duplex venous ultrasonography with pulse-wave Doppler detected a thrombus of the right popliteal vein intravascularly. Anticoagulant therapy was started to prevent pulmonary embolism or further venous embolization. The patient was stabilized and was able to be di charged home. Home health nurse services were arranged to take blood samples for ongoing prothrombin time (PT) laboratory tests to ensure the therapeutic level of the anticoagulant therapy in the blood. The patient was also treated for her compensated congestive heart failure while in the hospital.    Principal diagnosis: [dx1]Secondary diagnoses: [dx2]Principal procedure: [proc1]Assign MS-DRG: [msdrg1]
Serial ten-fold dilutions are made from a broth culture of Bacillus subtilis in order to determine the number of bacteria in the culture.  Following the dilution series, 0.1 ml of a 1:10,000 (1 x 10-4) dilution is plated, the plate is incubated, and 110 colonies are counted.  Calculate the number of bacteria in the original Bacillus subtilis culture. Don't forget units! Make sure your answer reflects proper scientific notation! Use the ^ to denote an exponent, i.e. 1 x 10-4 would be written as 1 x 10^-4. Note: Don't forget the units. No points without units!
