Analysis reveals that a company had a net increase in cash of $20,000 for the current year. Net cash provided by operating activities was $18,000; net cash used in investing activities was $10,000 and net cash provided by financing activities was $12,000. If the year-end cash balance is $24,000, the beginning cash balance was:
Bonus:  Explain why a hydrocarbon is hydrophobic.  The more thorough, the more points.
A patient with a terminal illness has the nursing diagnosis:  Pain r/t neuromuscular involvement of disease process aeb patient stating, "My pain is 8/10."  The goal statement is "Patient will be free of pain within 48 hours."  The nursing intervention includes administering pain medication.  What is the flaw in this plan of care?
While eating dinner, your partner suddenly grabs his throat and has a panicked look on his face. He has a weak cough, faint inspiratory stridor, and cyanosis around the lips. You should:
Understanding the Ross Xpression is the most important skill needed to becoming a good graphics operator
A female client with hypothyroidism is receiving levothyroxine (Synthroid), 25 mcg P.O. daily. Which finding should the nurse recognize as an adverse drug effect that should be reported to the provider?
3.3b    Evaluate, in a paragraph of approximately 8 lines, sustainable drought management strategies that can be adopted in the Eastern Cape.  (6)
Cold sterilization is widely used because of its ability to verify sterilization of instruments.
Which of these statements by the parents of a newborn with Down syndrome would be the best indicator of the parent's acceptance of the diagnosis?
Match the muscle structure to its function (or location)
DIRECTIONS: Choose the correct definition for each of the bold words in the passage.  The New King of the Dinosaurs? [A] Sports fans often imagine what would happen if two successful players from different times competed against each other. In boxing, who would win if a young Muhammad Ali were up against a young Mike Tyson? In golf, who would score better if Jack Nicklaus faced Tiger Woods? [B] Paleontologists - scientists who study fossils - like to play the same game with dinosaurs. Who would win a fight between a Tyrannosaurus rex (T. rex) and a Spinosaurus? These are two unbelievably powerful dinosaurs that never faced each other in real life. This is because the Spinosaurus lived almost 10 million years before the T. rex. The movie Jurassic Park III attempts to answer this question. After a bloody battle, the Spinosaurus eventually wins the match by breaking the neck of the T. rex. [C] For people who are not dinosaur experts, this result might be unexpected. Most people learn from a young age that the T. rex was the most dangerous and fearsome dinosaur. However, dinosaur experts are beginning to give the Spinosaurus more credit. One reason for this is because detailed information about the Spinosaurus has only been collected in the last few decades. [D] In 1914, the German paleontologist Stromer von Reichenbach first discovered some important parts of the dinosaur. These included several large spines that were clearly used to support a giant sail on the dinosaur's back. Stromer thus gave this new dinosaur the name "Spinosaurus." Until 1944, the fossils were displayed at a Munich museum. However, when Munich was bombed during World War II, all of Stromer's fossils were destroyed. For more than 50 years, very little new information about the Spinosaurus was discovered. [E] In the early 21st century, however, large sets of Spinosaurus fossils were found. As a result, we now have much more information about this amazing creature. Scientists now know that this extremely large dinosaur was almost 15 meters long and larger than the T. rex. Scientists have also learned that the Spinosaurus had many wonderful talents. One of these was its impressive swimming ability. It was also one of the only dinosaurs that could travel both on land and in water. [F] Because of its size and talent, the Spinosaurus might win another battle with the T. rex - the battle for the most interesting dinosaur. In 50 more years, the Spinosaurus might just become the world's most popular dinosaur.paleontologist
Which city is not a part of the Four Horsemen?
Identify the type of mixture each item represents,
Smooth muscle is considered voluntary
During the reform era the police relationship with the community they served was:
Decide whether or not the following is a statement.This test is too hard.
Jimmy Joe got his unknown density sample wet.  Then, without drying the solid, he weighed his unknown wet solid.  He then went on to finish his experiment and calculated the density of his unknown. Will his calculated density be higher or lower than the actual density?  To get full points, EXPLAIN how you know this.
Provide 3 separate and specific purposes of conducting fitness testing.
What is the most appropriate way to assess the "fasting status" of the patient?
What is the Heliocentric model?
