Which two properties are required for every field?
The ability to nod "yes" is due to the articulation of which two bones?
Identify and fix all the mistakes in the following code snippet that finds and displays the longest word in a given phrase. In case there are two words of the same maximum length, it displays the word which comes first in the phrase. For example: in the phrase "The quick brown fox", it should display "quick". (Note: you cannot write completely new lines of code) To write your response, mention the line number followed by the incorrect code in the line and then the correct code. For example: Line 2: for ii=1:1:5 should be for ii=2:1:10 (this is just an example!).      clc; clear;  phrase = input('Enter the phrase: ', 's');  phrase = [phrase ' ']; spaces = find(isspace(phrase) == ' ');  longest_word = phrase(1:spaces(1)+1);    for ii = 1:1:length(spaces)-1       word = phrase(spaces(ii+1):1:spaces(ii+1)-1);       if length(word) >= length(longest_word)             longest_word = word;       end end  disp(word);
Which of the following compounds is the most soluble in water?
What term means scraping of a body cavity with a spoon-shaped instrument?
At the end of 2019, approximately how much in Total Assets were in the banking industry?
The movement of fluid caused by a difference in pressure between two points.
Cultures of a bacterial species were incubated in an aerobic incubator and in an anaerobic incubator. After incubation, there was heavy growth of culture in the anaerobic incubator and moderate growth of the culture in the aerobic incubator. This species is most likely a(n):
Which of the following is NOT required for the Crown to prove in order to secure a conviction?
Preparation of a trial balance is the first step in processing a financial transaction.
Which of the following organisms is macroscopic?
Determine the oxidation state of C in CO3-2.
TYPE IN JUST THE LETTER: Identify the Infraspinatus
People who do not manage their time properly can experience chronic stress, fatigue, despair, discouragement, and illness.
End-of-Chapter QuestionsNo two people are genetically identical, except for identical twins. The main source of genetic variation among human individuals is
In a typical ray-finned fish, the swim bladder allows individuals to perform which of the following processes?
3.2c    Highlight how failing farms could contribute to desertification in the Eastern Cape.  (3)
A machine with a cost of $120,000 has an estimated residual value of $15,000 and an estimated life of 5 years or 15,000 hours. It is to be depreciated by the units-of-output method.  What is the amount of depreciation for the second full year, during which the machine was used 5,000 hours?
Which of the following is a definition of phase locking? Choose the correct option.
Describe the 2 types of enzyme inhibitors we discussed in class. How do the affect the enzymes rate of reaction?
