Consider the following 1-dimensional data points along a number line: -9, -1, 5, 7 , 10, 14, 21, 24, 26, 32, 33, 64 Now consider the context of hierarchical clustering with complete linkage. (a) (12) Show the dendrogram for the above data points in the same format as was used for the last homework assigned in class.   (b) (6) cut the dendrogram to obtain three clusters from this dendrogram. What are the data points included in each of the three clusters. Briefly outline the way you decided to form the 3 clusters from the dendrogram obtained in part (a).
An obsession differs from a compulsion in that it
Parents in China, Japan, and the United States all see the benefits of preschools in a different way. What do Japanese parents view as the most likely benefit of preschool?
Which part of this word is a prefix? gastr/o/intestin/al
What are emerging diseases?
Which of the following is the most common complication of pregnancy for a woman who was admitted with painless vaginal bleeding in her last trimester of pregnancy?
When a patient is connected to the chest tube drainage equipment, it is important to ______ when moving the patient. 1. clamp off the chest tube 2. raise the bottle above the chest 3. avoid kinks in the drainage tube
Newton discovered
Often individuals with moderate to severe SUD's leisure time become saturated with use, thus one focus of treatment for recreational therapy is to engage clients in sober leisure also known as ______.
Which psychologist introduced the social-cognitive approach to personality?
Consider the following code snippet: class MouseClickedListener implements ActionListener {  public void mouseClicked(MouseEvent event)  {  int x = event.getX();  int y = event.getY();  component.moveTo(x,y);  } } What is wrong with this code?
The side effects of estrogen therapy include:
The sentence type of "Didn't you know that Abigail and Donald are divorced?" is
How many plywood sheets are needed for the subflooring underlayment? (hint: do not add waste)
The Virginia Plan called for
Fossil fuels have sometimes been described as "ancient sunlight" because:
Explain your answers for the questions above:
Which of the following tasks is performed by managers for which an executive information system (EIS) is useful?
All of the following are possible complications of shoulder dislocation except:
Because they are all intelligent, the students all received passing grades.
