Vir die volgende drie vrae moet jy die Delphi-kode gebruik om die tabelle te manipuleer en NIE sql nie.     For the next 3 questions, you must use the Delphi code to manipulate the tables and NOT sql.     2.5) Voltooi die Question2_5-knoppie (btn2_5) se kliek-prosedure: Kry die speler-ID van die spinedit (spnPlayerID). Stel 'n toepaslike filter op die karakters tabel en vertoon dan slegs die rekords vir die speler in die DBGrid (dbgCharacters).  Regs-kliek op die knoppie hieronder en maak die bladsy in 'n nuwe oortjie oop om 'n voorbeeld van die resultate te sien.   (4)    Complete the Question 2_5 button (btn2_5) click procedure: Get the player ID from the spinedit (spnPlayerID). Set an appropriate filter on the characters table and then display only those records for that player in the DBGrid (dbgCharacters). Right-click on the button below and open the page in a new tab, to see an example of the results.           2.6) Voltooi die Experience Q2_6 (btnExperienceQ2_6) kliek-prosedure: Na elke rondte kry die karakters outomaties 2 ervaringspunte. Skryf die kode om 2 punte tot die ervaringspunte vir alle rekords by te voeg. Regs-kliek op die knoppie hieronder en maak die bladsy in 'n nuwe oortjie oop om 'n voorbeeld van die resultate te sien.  (7)     Complete the Experience Q2_6 (btnExperienceQ2_6) Click procedure: After every round the characters automatically gain 2 experience points. Write the code to add 2 points to the experience points for all records. Right-click on the button below and open the page in a new tab, to see an example of the results.            2.7)  Voltooi die Character Details Q2_7 (btnChrDetailsQ2_7) kliek-prosedure:  As jy 'n rondte speel, wil jy die besonderhede van die karakter kan sien. Kry die naam van die karakter deur 'n invoerblok en vertoon die naam van die karakter en ervaringspunte in die memo (met geskikte etikette). Regskliek op die  knoppie hieronder en maak die bladsy in 'n nuwe oortjie oop om 'n voorbeeld van die resultate te sien.  (7)     Complete the Character Details Q2_7 (btnChrDetailsQ2_7) click procedure: When playing a round you want to be able to see the character's details. Get the character's name from an input box and display the character's name and experience points in the memo (with suitable labels).  Right-click on the button below and open the page in a new tab, to see an example of the results.                  TOTAAL VIR VRAAG  2 [40]
What is the molecular formula of the monosaccharide below?
Determine whether the following statement is TRUE OR FALSE: When a gas changes directly to solid, the change is called deposition.
Racial and ethnic minorities groups:
7) Which of the following is the best example of a nondurable good?
User awareness and training can help with which of the following?
Joan, an established patient, comes into the office to have an intermediate repair of a 2.6 cm wound on her right arm.
For a person sitting at a computer terminal, at what level should the vision display be directed? (Slide 43)
Control of the money supply is handled by
Which cognitive map best follows the basic structure of college text books?
Who was Norman Borlaug?
Describe the organization of DNA
QUESTION 1         ABCD, EFGH, BFI and CGI are straight lines. ABCD and EFGH are parallel.  FI = GI.  Angle FIG = 48deg. Find angle BCG, giving reasons for your answer.          RIGHT Click on the blue button to view this diagram                   (4)
Older adults without family resources are twice as likely to become institutionalized.
What are the two most common symptoms reported by a person seen in a vestibular clinic after having a concussion? [disorder3] [disorder4]
Leukoedema is a generalized opalescence on the buccal mucosa AND leukoedema is most commonly observed in caucasian adults.
What is your instructors email ?
What is the best strategy for avoiding off-by-one errors?
Individuals with Duchenne muscular dystrophy are in greatest need of exercises and activities that include
What factor does the prefix "micro" indicate?
