Note: You MUST completely explain your rationale in order for any partial credit to be given. Write both your calculations and reasoning clearly.  (Round percentages to one decimal point.  Round currency to dollars and cents.)Net-4-You is an Internet Service Provider that charges its customers $45.95 per month for its service.  The company's variable costs are $0.45 per customer per month.  In addition, the company spends $0.65 per month per customer on a customer loyalty program designed to retain customers.  As a result, the company's monthly customer retention rate was 88.2 percent.  Net-4-You has a monthly discount rate of 5 percent.b.    Suppose the company wanted to increase its customers' monthly retention rate and decided to spend an additional 25 cents per month per customer to upgrade it loyalty program benefits.  By how much must Net-4-You increase its monthly customer retention rate so as not to reduce customer lifetime value resulting from a lower customer margin?
The transition zone between the bulbar conjunctiva and the palpebral conjunctiva is called the
Which of the following statements is true about value-based cultures?
What is the primary aspect of an asynchronous near real-time integration?
Name the fault.
Endospores allow a cell to survive environmental changes by producing a dormant period with no growth.
The components of customer lifetime value include:
A nurse is caring for several  newly diagnosed children with diabetes. The nurse asks you the student what type of diabetes these children have based upon the following information. ( Choose insulin dependent or non-insulin dependent).   1. Child has a sudden weight loss. 2. Child has been gaining weight. 3. Child is prescribed metformin. 4. Child is prescribed lispro.
Describe the mandate system that came out of World War I.
The Comanche were a tribe active in Texas and the Southern Plains that resisted assimilation.  Which of the following was FALSE about their resistance?
In which type of wave do particles move back and forth at right angles to the direction of the wave?
You had a case of chickenpox when you were six years old. When you were ten, your playmates developed chickenpox, but you did not. This was most likely due to:
A patient is being discharged and will receive an aerosolized controller-type bronchodilator therapy at home.  What is the best medication for this stable, chronically sick patient?
The most important part of a negative-news message is the section that explains the reasons for the bad news.
The nurse receives an order for a sterile urine specimen from a client with an indwelling urinary catheter that has been inserted for three days. How will the nurse obtain the specimen?
Using the Hardy-Weinberg Principle, which expression represents the frequency of the homozygous recessive genotype?
List and briefly describe the issues IPv6 is designed to fix or improve in IPv4.
The dye litmus turns blue in basic solutions.
Azimuths angles are measured counterclockwise from North and vary from 0deg to 360deg.
Asian Lamp Company manufactures lamps. The estimated number of lamp sales for the last three months for the current year are as follows:          Month       Sales        October     10,000       November     14,000       December     13,000          Finished goods inventory at the end of September was 3,000 units. Ending finished goods inventory is budgeted to equal 25 percent of the next month's sales. Asian Lamp expects to sell the lamps for $25 each. January sales is projected at 16,000 lamps.    How many lamps should be produced in October?
