Just a reminder to show me both sides of your blank whiteboard BEFORE you hit submit! :) You may leave this question blank, or type "DONE." *this question is worth 0 points*   AFTER YOU HIT SUBMIT, YOU WILL UNLOCK ACCESS TO THE BONUS QUESTION FOR EXAM 3.
Short answer Some physical and chemical methods of control work by denaturing microbes' proteins. Describe what it means for a protein to be denatured (hint: what does this do to a protein regarding its structure, what kinds of chemical bonds are involved, and what does this do to the protein's ability to function). Why can protein denaturation kill or inhibit the growth of microorganisms? Give one example of a physical method of control and one example of a chemical method of control that denatures proteins.
DIRECTIONS: Choose the correct answer for each question. The Travels of Ibn Battuta [A] "I left Tangier, my birthplace, the 13th of June, 1325, with the intention of making the pilgrimage [to Mecca] ... to leave all my friends both female and male, to abandon my home as birds abandon their nests." So begins an old manuscript in a library in Paris - the travel journal of Ibn Battuta.[B] Almost two centuries before Columbus, this young Moroccan set off for Mecca, returning home three decades later. Ibn Battuta is now regarded as one of history's great travelers. Driven by curiosity, he journeyed to remote corners of the Islamic world, traveling three times as far as Marco Polo, through 44 modern countries. He is little celebrated in some parts of the world, yet his name is well known among Arabs. In his hometown of Tangier, a square, a hotel, a cafe, a ferry boat, and even a hamburger are named after him. [C] Prior to his adventures traveling the world, Ibn Battuta studied in Mecca for several years. However, the urge to travel soon took over. He traveled to India, seeking profitable employment with the Sultan of Delhi. On the way, he described his group being attacked in the open country by 80 foot soldiers and two horsemen: "we fought ... killing one of their horsemen and about twelve of the foot soldiers. ... I was hit by an arrow and my horse by another, but God in his grace preserved me."[D] In Delhi, the sultan gave him the position of judge, based on his studies at Mecca. But the sultan had an unpredictable character, and Ibn Battuta was soon looking for an opportunity to leave. When the sultan offered to finance a trip to China, Ibn Battuta agreed. He set off in three ships, but misfortune struck while he was still on shore. A sudden storm grounded and broke up two of the ships. Scattering treasure, the storm drowned many people and horses. As he watched, the third ship, with all his belongings and slaves, was carried out to sea and never heard from again.[E] After a lifetime of adventures, Ibn Battuta was finally ordered by the Sultan of Morocco to return home to share his wisdom with the world. Fortunately, he consented and wrote a book that has been translated into numerous languages, allowing people everywhere to read about his incredible journeys. What does the following sentence from paragraph D mean?"But the sultan had an unpredictable character, and Ibn Battuta was soon looking for an opportunity to leave."
Cellular respiration can best be described as
An image of the trace from your oscilloscope is shown below for the voltage across a component.  The voltage per division is 2V, and the time per division is 4ms.  Find the period, frequency, peak voltage, rms voltage, and the voltage at 2ms (round your answers to 3 decimal places when needed).  Make sure to include units on all your answers.  Show your work for this problem on the work submitted at the end of the exam (only needed for values that you need to calculate).     [period]  [freq]  = [vp]  = [vrms]  [v2]
Isoproterenol is a selective beta-2 agonist that can be used to treat asthma.  It also binds to the beta-2 receptors found in the smooth muscle of blood vessels of the arms and legs.  Based on this information, answer the following questions about a patient taking this particular drug.    When this drug binds to the receptor, which of the following do you expect to happen?
Name these veins draining the brain: A: [A], B: [B].
Convert the units.36 quarts =  gallons
The nurse is planning care for a client who is receiving antimetabolite chemotherapy. What should the nurse include in the plan of care? Select all that apply.
Consider the triple integral
extra credit 5 points Mr. Smith staggered home after a long night at the local pub. While attempting to navigate the stairs, he passed out cold and lay all night with his right armpit straddling the staircase banister. When he awoke the next morning, he had a severe headache, but what bothered him more was that he had no sensation in his right arm and hand. Explain what caused this symptom in his arm.
How many ATP molecules (per glucose molecule) are produced by Krebs cycle?
The sequence below represents the first section of the template strand of DNA of a structural gene in an prokaryotic organism. Position +1 is shown in orange.                                      +1     3' GTATTACACTATAATTACGCGTATAATGAT 5'      What would be the 5' UTR sequence in RNA?
Ray is discussing how to organize an argumentative essay to her students. She discusses how it is important to include evidence to support their viewpoint. Which of the following is not considered to be strong evidence according to the author Tompkins?
Escuchen. Mr. and Mrs. Alonso receive many suggestions from their tour guide in Puerto Rico. Complete the following sentences with the correct formal commands, singular and plural, according to context. For your reference: a e i o u u n // A E I N O U U // ? ? // ! !    Senores, [word1] (ir) a un mercado de artesania tipica.    Senora, [word2] (comprar) muchos regalos.  Senores, [word3] (comer) mucho pescado y muchos mariscos.    Senores, [word4] (despertarse) temprano porque la playa es lindisima por la manana.
A physician asks your advice on how best to improve bronchopulmonary clearance in a 17-year-old cystic fibrosis patient with copious secretions.  Which of the following would you recommend?
Find the area under the normal curve for the condition.Find the percent of the area under the curve between the mean and 3.01 standard deviations from the mean.
The term "salpingo-oophorectomy" refers to:
The vast number and variety of flower species is probably related to various kinds of ________.
The nurse is caring for a client who is exhibiting acute withdrawal symptoms and is being treated prn with chlordiazepoxide.  The nurse questions which of the following orders?
