Propose a synthesis of the molecule for the molecule starting from benzene. Submit your answer to the dropbox for exam 2
Toda direccion electronica tiene este simbolo.
A COSC intern prior to his internship was required to complete an ethics and safety 1 course.    As a result, the intern was knowledgeable of general ethical principles, and had been issued an OSHA 10-Hour certification card.   He went to work alongside a very senior and experienced field superintendent in a residential construction company.   He enjoyed working with the superintendent and was learning new things every day.   As a result of the increased emphasis on compliance with OSHA requirements, the company put forth a requirement that all employees must acquire their OSHA 10-Hour card within two months using an online, self-paced training and testing program.  Each employee was issued a user name and password to access the online OSHA course and test.  The intern asked and was given permission to not take the exam since he already had an OSHA 10-Hour card.    On Wednesday, two days prior to the Friday deadline for taking the course and exam, the superintendent gave the intern his personal user name and password, and told the intern to go on line and complete the course and exam for him before Friday.  The intern likes the superintendent and feels some obligation in repayment for how helpful the superintendent had been.  The intern still had 10 weeks remaining on his internship and is assigned to work with this superintendent until the end of the internship.   1) Do you think it is ethical for the intern to take the OSHA 10 class for the superintendent?   2) What would you do if you were the intern?
Which of the following cellular structures serve similar functions in plants and animals, respectively? (Plants--Animals)
Trudy and Uri enter into a contract for the sale of Trudy's house for which Uri agrees to pay her $250,000. Uri wants to transfer his right to the ownership of the house to Val, his niece. This transfer generally
Healthy gingival tissue in the human population:
Which of the following is TRUE concerning cartilage?
Which of the following is most correct?
If the melting point of molybdenum metal is 2623degC, what is its melting point in Kelvin?
Segmentation and selection is the second fundamental element in the development of revenue management strategy
The writing of Puritans was intense and had specific purposes. What styles and what purpose?
All the following are examples of normal end feel of a joint, except:
This dollar-based fixed exchange rate system gave rise to a long period of economic recovery and growing openness of both international trade and capital flows in and out of more and more countries.
What variables factor in for the risk of cellular injury and oxygen toxicity?
Lymphadenopathy is a process in which there is an increase in the size of the nodes and a change in the consistency of the lymphoid tissue.
Ignoring the type of customer, what is the expected number of returns?
According the five-factor model of personality, the Big Five traits are:
Use the equations below to solve the following gas law problem.  P1V1T2 = P2V2T1                          1 atm = 760 mm Hg = 760 torr A sample of gas collected at 21.0degC and 660 mm Hg, has a volume of 1.83 liters. What will the pressure of the gas be if the temperature is increased to 38.0degC and the volume is reduced to1.50 liters? To receive full credit:  You must use the math equation editor in the tool bar to insert the final gas law equation (with numbers and units) that you used to solve the problem. Show your work (equation/and units) by using the equation editor () in the toolbar.  If necessary, use the the three vertical dots to expand the toolbar. Within the equation editor, use    to insert ratios. Be sure to include proper units and the final answer! Or, show your work on a separate sheet of paper and submit in the Unit 2 Exam pictures dropbox after completing the Exam.
What type of change alters the appearance, but not the composition or identity of the substance undergoing the change?
What is the rate of the reaction at the optimal temperature?
