"Blue Laws" are the name given to the regulation of commerce for religious reasons. These often involved forbidding commercial or recreational activities on Sundays. Many of these laws were abolished mid-to-late 20th century - not because they were unconstitutional but because they were unwanted. A couple years ago, Lyman Stone argued that a reintroduction of the Blue Laws could improve general well-being and that the laws are, "... a way that the state enshrines a special time for citizens to exercise rights to assembly, religious and secular. Assembly requires that people have time off together, so it doesn't work to simply mandate that businesses close for any random 24-hour period, because that doesn't ensure that people have time off together." What are the likely effects of a reintroduction of Blue Laws on the religious marketplace? Explain.
Use the following information to answer questions 25 and 26. Chlorine has an atomic number of 17. Two chlorine atoms form a bond through sharing electrons. The resulting molecule formed can be written as Cl2.   Which of the following terms correctly describes the bond in the molecule mentioned above:
Assume a system has a TLB hit ratio of 95%. It requires 18 nanoseconds to access the TLB and 80 nanoseconds to access main memory. What is the effective memory access time in nanoseconds with a single level page table for this system?
__________ is a common law doctrine by which federal and state governments historically have been immune from liability for harm suffered from the torturous conduct of employees.
Percentage forest cover in the United States is:
Which of the following is an example of direct transmission of COVID-19?
All of the following are examples of passive processes EXCEPT:
Explain what events are occurring in the cardiac cycle during the isovolumetric phase of ventricular systole. Include electrical events, pressure and volume changes.
Given the memory and paging information in the graph below.   Given virtual address 40 (decimal), do the virtual to physical translation (frame/page)?
What is the function of the respiratory system?
The Vichy government of 1940 was established in
Which of the following is NOT a core need in McClelland's acquired needs theory?
An upright posture in humans is almost certainly adaptive. However, it has resulted in back trouble and hemorrhoids. In essence there has been_____________ back trouble and hemorrhoids.
You have a patient who has complained of having difficulty breathing for the last several days. He tells you that it has gotten worse tonight. He states that he has been unable to sleep lying flat because it makes him short of breath. You observe a blanket and pillow in the chair where he has been sleeping, and you notice that the patient's ankles are swollen. You suspect the patient is experiencing:
A nurse is care for a patient with a blood pressure of 72/56, heart rate 126 bpm, and respirations are 24 per minute. The patient has a fungal infection in the lungs. Also has a fever, warm/flushed skin, and is restless. The nurse notifies the physician who suspects septic shock. The nurse anticipates that the physician will order what treatment FIRST?
Which of the following is not one of the costs of tobacco use?
Claire Cain Miller's article "Even in Family-Friendly Scandinavia, Mothers Are Paid Less" offers a specific position on how to decrease the gap between female and male pay.  Summarize her position in a paragraph.  You should include what she argues for, how it can be accomplished and the benefit of adopting this position.  Your paragraph will be judged for its accuracy and for implementing the basic rules of summary (own words, third-person point of view, identify source, describe evidence used).
Which film has a scene in Canada?
The nurse is assessing a client with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The nurse includes a careful history in the assessment, especially with regard to signs and symptoms. What signs and symptoms are suggestive of ACS? Select all that apply.
Instructions: The paragraphs of the following essay have been scrambled so that they are out of order. Read them and then answer the questions that follow. Evaluating a Web Site               (1) Next, find out more about the person or people who created the web site. (2) Scroll down to the bottom of the page to look for the author's name, or click on links such as "About Us," "Biography," or "Who Am I?" (3) These links will usually lead to more information about the individual or organization responsible. (4) Look for details about the author's credentials. (5) Is he or she an expert, with education, training, or experience in the subject matter? (6) If no information about the site's creator is provided or if that person offers no proof of authority, the information may not be reliable. (7) Remember that anyone can create an Internet web site; therefore, researchers should verify that the person who posted the information knows what he or she is talking about.               (8) First, begin by examining the URL, or Internet address, of the web site. (9) In particular, examine the last three letters of the address, which reveal the domain of a site as an educational institution, government agency, nonprofit organization, or commercial company. (10) Usually, the first three types of domains, which end in .edu, .gov, .mil, .us, and .org, tend to be reliable sources of information. (11) The primary purpose of sites that end in .com, on the other hand, may be to persuade viewers to buy something rather than provide them with accurate, unbiased information. (12) A .com web site could also be someone's personal web site, which may or may not offer reliable information.               (13) Using this procedure helps researchers get their facts straight. (14) Mining the Internet for information will almost always produce gold, but finding that gold often requires sifting through and discarding worthless rocks.               (15) Finally, in addition to finding out more about the site's creator, look for a few other indicators of quality information. (16) The date the page was last updated, for example, should be fairly recent. (17) In addition, note whether the author mentions the sources of his or her information. (18) Sources that are documented with footnotes or links, especially if they refer to scholarly or academic journals and books, are usually more reputable. (19) Also, don't forget to notice the overall look of the site. (20) Is the page crowded with advertisements? (21) If so, its main purpose may be selling rather than informing. (22) Is the text filled with grammatical or spelling errors? (23) These kinds of mistakes may indicate untrustworthy information.               (24) The Internet offers millions of web sites; however, they're not all created equal.  (25) Some of them contain accurate information, and some contain only opinions, inaccurate information, or information that's been manipulated in some way. (26) Therefore, people who use a search engine to look for web sites about a particular topic need to know how to distinguish a credible web site from a dud. (27) To evaluate the trustworthiness of a web site, online researchers can use a three-step procedure. Select the answer that numbers the paragraphs in the order they should appear in the essay.
