A large out-pouching of the proximal esophagus is termed:
QUESTION #2   CASE ANALYSIS Analyze the Spanish class presented in the case study, according to the following topics. * Methodology/ approaches * Theoretical assumption of the teacher (empiricist or rationalist) * Task sequencing (Brandl, 2008): Input, assimilation, and task * Role of the instructor and learners * Role of L1 versus L2 * Role and type of feedback (explicit versus implicit) * Proficiency outcome prediction in terms of oral production, e.g., what learners would be able to produce at the end of the semester, if classes continue in this fashion. Support all your answers with the content of the readings and discussions carried on in class and specific examples from the case study. For example, it is not enough to say the teacher is an empiricist, you need to define "empiricist" and then give evidence from the case study supporting the characteristics of this theoretical posture.   CASE STUDY: SPANISH CLASS   PHASE I Teacher: -Buenos dias. ?Como estan, bien? Bueno, hoy vamos a hablar de *la familia,  la familia, ?si? (Says, as he writes "familia" on the board). Vamos a hacer una Lluvia de ideas sobre la familia. A ver. ?Quien me puede decir una palabra que describa a la familia? ?Recuerdan los adjetivos? Peter: Importante. Teacher: Muy bien, Peter. (Teacher says as he writes down the word on the board). Joy: Divertidou, muchous. (She says laughing). Teacher: Es divertiDA y hay muchAS personas. ?Si? (Teacher says as he writes down the words on the board; student smiles, nodding. After five or six more answers, the teacher says as he opens a power point presentation with pictures of his Puerto Rican family). Esta es mi familia. Tengo una familia muy grande (Opens arms to indicate how big his family is).  Hay muchas personas en mi familia. John, ?como es tu familia, grande o pequena?- John: -No se, huge!.- Teacher: -Oh, es  muy grande, John. (John nods) Bien, a ver... Susan, ?y tu familia, es grande o pequena?- Susan: -Familia.- Teacher: -Bien. Vamos a ver mas fotos. Este es mi  papa y esta es mi mama (Says pointing to his father and mother in the picture). Estos son mis siete hermanos. !Si, somos ocho hijos! (Shows 8 fingers to indicate eight; students open their eyes in reaction to the size of the family). Tambien tengo quince tios, ocho maternos, por el lado de mi mama, y siete  paternos, por el lado de mi papa (says as he points family members on the picture). En esta foto esta toda mi  familia junta (makes gestures to indicate "together") en la cena de Nochebuena. ?Ven a mis abuelitos? (Pointing to the grandparents on the picture) !En esta cena habia cincuenta personas en la mesa! Muchas personas, ?si??Preguntas?- Kate: -What is "sin cuuueeenta"?- Teacher: -?Cincuenta? Es un numero: diez, veinte, treinta, cuarenta y cincuenta. Kate: -Oh, fifty! Gracias. Teacher: -Si, muy bien, cincuenta.-   PHASE II Teacher: -Muy bien. ?Mas preguntas? ?no? Ahora Uds. Van a hablar de su familia con un companero de clase. A ver, a trabajar en parejas (Shows two fingers to indicate "pairs" and passes a worksheet titled: Una descripcion de mi familia). Bien, tienen diez minutos para escribir 5 oraciones describiendo a su familia.- (Teacher says, showing five with his hand. He walks around answering questions; students seem somewhat lost; after ten minutes instructor calls for volunteers).   PHASE III Kate: -Mi familia esta laarga. Pedro's familia esta pecueniia.- Teacher: -Gracias Kate, entonces, tu familia es grande  pero la familia de Pedro es pequena  (States using gestures to indicate the two sizes).  A ver... un poco mas de detalles. ?Tienes hermanos ?- Kate: -Si, tengou cin cuuenta jermanous.- Teacher: -!Cincuenta! (Says as he writes fifty on the board) Kate: -!Oh, no! Tengou cincou jermanos. Lo sientou.- Teacher : - Bien Kate. ?Puedes repetir: Tengo cinco hermanos ? Recuerda que la hache no suena en espanol. (Says pointing to the letter on the board) Kate: Oh, si, lo sientou. Tengou cincou hermanos.- (Says smiling). Teacher: -Mucho mejor Kate, gracias. ?Y tu Joe, tienes hermanos?- Joe: -Nou.- Teacher : -?Y tios ? ?Tienes tios  y tias? (Joe shakes his head to indicate no). Bien. Otros voluntarios. (Brooks and Carla raise their hands to participate ). Si, Brooks y Carla.- Brooks: -Carla's familia esta pecuenia y mi familia... big .- Teacher : -Gracias Brooks. Entonces, la familia de Carla es pequena y tu familia es grande, si grande. (Students nod).  Recuerden clase. En espanol decimos: La familia de ... Por ejemplo, la familia de los Kardashian es interesante. (Says, as he writes on the board ). ?Algo mas Carla? ?Tienes primos? Carla: -Si, muchous.- (Class continues in this fashion. At the end of the class, teacher feels frustrated because although students seem to understand the topic, they are not producing the new vocabulary about the family presented in this lesson). *Bold in the dialogue indicates the text was pronounced with emphasis.
25. A group member who exhibits manipulative behaviors in order to attempt to gain control is identified as which of the following member roles?
The nurse is caring for a preschool child with a cast applied recently for a fractured tibia. Which assessment findings indicate possible compartment syndrome? Select all that apply.
In Marx's theory, those who were taken advantage of because they did not own the means of production were called the __________.
Which of the following is NOT an example of p-Hacking?
When titrating a strong strong base with HClO4 at 25degC, the
The nurse is assessing the perineal region of an adolescent female. Upon assessment, the nurse notes the pubic hair to be sparse and slightly pigmented. What Tanner stage will the nurse document?
The school nurse is conducting an assessment for pediculosis capitis (head lice) on a group of school-age children. Which describes a child with a positive head check?
Infants' self-generated reaching movements provide proprioceptive and touch feedback that helps them learn how to direct their reaches.
A nurse is caring for a client who has nausea and a prescription for metoclopramide intermittent IV bolus every 4 hr as needed. The client asks the nurse how metoclopramide will relieve her nausea. Which of the following explanations should the nurse provide?
MULTIPLE CHOICE.  Are the two lines parallel, perpendicular, or neither?L1: 20x + 2y = 14; L2: 3y = -30x + 35
This embedded image is of Hoover Dam. Which market sector is this project type classified in?
Which of the following resulted in an increase in glomerular filtration rate?
Must also carry a state-issued license unless employed by a financial institution regulated by a federal banking authority. To carry this license you must:
This type of cyberattack can lock up the information on your computer(s) and only be released if you pay the hackers money:
Monique is conducting a study on eating disorders in college-aged women and ultimately recruits 100 people to participate. In this example, what does Monique's group of "college-aged women with eating disorders" represent?
A father has the S gene on his Y chromosome. He can pass this S gene to his __________________________-.
Which layer of a biosphere reserve would allow for research and ecotourism and have limited means of human contact?
The primary somatosensory cortex is located in the ________.
