IBM's Debt to Equity ratio (using short-term and long-term debt only rather than all liabilities) declined for the year ended 12/31/16 compared to the year ended 12/31/15. What caused the decline in this D/E ratio?
Late talkers demonstrate both weak receptive and expressive language skills.
Bill contracts a viral disease that destroys cells in the posterior gray horns in his spinal cord. As a result, which of the following would you expect?
What is the most likely reason why we cannot develop a universal medium, that is able to support the growth of all bacteria?
A client who is 34 weeks pregnant arrives at the emergency department with severe abdominal pain, low back pain, uterine tenderness, and increased uterine tone between contractions, but no overt vaginal bleeding.  The external fetal monitor shows fetal distress with severe, variable decelerations.  Which condition does the nurse anticipate this client will be treated for?
The nurse cares for a client diagnosed with acute pancreatitis.  The client reports significant shortness of breath.  The nurse auscultates bilateral lung fields and notes crackles throughout.  The oxygen saturation is 88%.  Which is the most likely cause of these findings?
Unmanned Aircraft Used to "Sniff" Methane Gas Escaping from Thawing Permafrost The northern tip of Earth stores vast amounts of carbon within its frozen soil, known as permafrost-soil that remains frozen for more than two consecutive years. Thawing permafrost opens new pathways for carbon to be released to the atmosphere, often as methane gas. USGS scientist Ferdinand Oberle has begun testing a technique for measuring methane escaping from thawing permafrost in coastal Arctic bluffs. The system uses off-the-shelf industrial components mounted on a drone aircraft. A test of the methane detector on  Barter Island, Alaska, has proven to be more sensitive than originally expected. Data collected along 1.25 miles of coastal bluffs has revealed spots where methane emissions were particularly high, which has been linked to zones of erosion. Because methane is a powerful greenhouse gas, many institutions and scientists have been trying to determine how much escapes from the land and the sea into the atmosphere. To do this, they typically rely on satellite imagery, data from sensors on manned aircraft, and samples collected on the ground. "Up until now, methane measurements have been limited to large research institutions, government agencies and so on," says Ferdinand Oberle, USGS Mendenhall Postdoctoral Research Fellow and designer of the new methane-measurement technique. Oberle and his co-authors from the USGS Pacific Coastal and Marine Science Center have been studying  erosion along the Arctic permafrost coast, which is one of the most dramatically changing environments in the world. Previous research has shown that erosion is generally increasing along Alaska's north coast, with the shoreline retreating an average of 4.5 feet per year and, in some stretches, more than 65 feet per year. "Usually, bluff erosion can only be detected after the fact," says Oberle. "We're trying to identify areas of erosion through methane release and develop an early detection system." The results look promising so far. Data collected during September 2017 show methane hotspots were closely associated with melt-water run-off channels, a clear sign of thawing permafrost. The scientists plan to return to Barter Island at the end of the summer of 2019 to see whether the drone-based detection system can predict erosion hotspots through early identification of methane emissions. Credit: U.S. Geological Survey   Based on the article, what is one assumption that can be made about the benefits of using drones to collect data on methane and melting permafrost?
At the end of the citric acid cycle, most of the energy remaining from the original glucose is stored in
Choose the compound below that contains at least one polar covalent bond, but is nonpolar.
Image #4  Sternum  Positioning    All pertinent anatomy is included on the IR CR is directed to the proper point Over rotation is present Evidence of collimation
At very high wage rates, it is likely that an individual's labor-supply curve:
Which character demonstrates how to assimilate into the American culture?
Per the lectures associated with this course, identify the principal effect that the Japanese attack on Pearly Harbor, Hawaii, on December 7, 1945, had on the United States' position regarding World War II?
Q5. Reynold's number is defined as the ratio of
The point below is followed by one statement that provides relevant support and one statement that does not. Choose the statement of relevant support.Point: Many insects and spiders are beneficial.                  A. In regions of the Amazon River that flood each year, ants avoid drowning by building their                   nests in trees.                      B. Ants improve the soil by breaking down organic materials.
What is wrong with the following PNF stretch prescription? PNF Stretch Hamstrings (Hold-Relax): 3 sets x 3 reps each leg with 6 sec passive stretch and 30sec isometric hold
What protective shielding is sufficient for beta particles?
If you are working in cold conditions with a scheduled concrete pour, identify at least 3 things you should check prior to starting pour. 1. 2. 3.
Can mice find their way faster through a labyrinth after consuming caffeine? Professor Chaos thinks so. To provide evidence Professor Chaos purchases a dozen house mice at the pet store and randomly divides the mice into two groups of size 6. In one group the mice receive a dose of 100 mg per kg body weight, 60 minutes prior to placing the mice at the entrance to a labyrinth that has a piece of cheese at the center. Professor Chaos measures the time it takes each mouse to reach the cheese. Unfortunately, one of the mice in the control group had an encounter with Professor Chaos' cat before the experiment. Here are the results measured in seconds. Caffeine: 31, 41, 38, 44, 58, 49Control: 70, 66, 53, 59, 83 Is there evidence that caffeine shortens the time it takes to solve the labyrinth? In order to find out perform the appropriate t-test. Do not assume that the variances in the two groups are equal. Report the p-value with 4 digits after the decimal point.
When bonding, elements in Group 17 (Halogens) tend to gain 1 electron.
