A lawsuit between citizens of different states provides a basis for a federal court to hear the case based on _____.
The nurse is caring for a patient with Type 1 diabetes mellitus; when assessing the patient, which of the following findings would be the highest priority?
1. (20 pts) Write down the output for the following code snippets? If the program will result in an error, put down 'ERROR'. Make sure to write the output on separate lines if needed!
In theory, the number of challenges for cause is _____, while peremptory challenges _____.
The ___________________ supports the body, protects organs, and provides framework for movement.
All of the following are risk factors for Osteoporosis EXCEPT?
For a two-dimensional shape, the area moment of inertia about the x-axis is defined as Ix=[?]y2dA{"version":"1.1","math":"Ix=[?]y2dA"} This quantity is important for beam deflection calculations.   a) Set up the integral to find Ix{"version":"1.1","math":"Ix"} for a semicircular plate of radius R centered at the origin pictured above. Determine integration limits in an appropriate coordinate system. b) Do the same for a rectangular plate with horizontal dimension L and vertical dimension H also centered at the origin. c) Evaluate either one of those two integrals. Bonus: Evaluate both.
Use the figure and the following description to answer the question.   In a particular plant, leaf color is controlled by gene locus D. Plants with at least one allele D have dark green leaves, and plants with the homozygous recessive dd genotype have light green leaves. A true-breeding, dark-leaved plant is crossed with a light-leaved one, and the F1 offspring is allowed to self-pollinate. The predicted outcome of the F2 is diagrammed in the Punnett square shown in the figure, where 1, 2, 3, and 4 represent the genotypes corresponding to each box within the square.    Which of the boxes marked 1-4 correspond to plants with a heterozygous genotype?
When pressure is higher in the ventricles than in the large arteries,
The protein that acts as a calcium receptor in skeletal muscle is ________.
Hydrocarbons containing a carbon-carbon triple bond are called
Possibly useful information: Device Family: MAX 10 (DA/DF/DC/SA/SC)Device: 10M02SCU169C8G -- VHDL Syntax Examplelibrary ieee; use ieee.std_logic_1164.all;entity NAND2a is port(    A,B: in bit;    C: out bit);end NAND2a;architecture behavior of NAND2a issignal COut: bit;begin    ...end behavior; Problem Description Design, construct, and demonstrate a circuit that meets the following specifications to output a sequence of bits (displayed using your DAD) represented by the infinite sequence of octal numbers 4, 7, 4, 4, 4, 7, 4, 4, 4, 7, ..., sequencing at the rising edge of a signal called CLK.  Inputs: CLK, START(L) Outputs: YJ(H), X(L) The X output should be true ONLY when the sequence is on the second 4 after the 7, i.e., the last of the values in the sequence 4744. Whenever START is true, immediately restart the sequence at the first 4.  Notes: The sequence repeats forever. (4744 is the course number for Microprocessor Applications.) Be very careful to read the sequence correctly. Part 1  Make a next-state truth for this problem. Use the usual counting order for table. For the outputs YJ, Y0 should be the least significant bit.  Use whatever flip-flop(s) that you prefer, but I suggest T flip-flop(s) (tff in Quartus) only, but this is NOT a requirement, i.e., you can use any desired flip-flop(s). The CLK signal will be supplied by your DAD. Design the circuit in Quartus. Determine equations for all the necessary signals. Simulate the design in Quartus, as specified below:  Make START true through at least one clock cycle. Make START false and go through the sequence exactly 2.5 times (ten clock cycles), i.e., 4,7,4,4, 4,7,4,4, 4,7, and then make START true again for at least one clock cycle. Make START false again and then continue the sequence for the rest of the simulation. Group the outputs YJ, such that Y0 is the least significant bit. Display the Y outputs with the radix in octal (i.e., base 8). Leave the Simulator Tool open in your Quartus project.    Part 2  Program your PLD and build the circuit on your breadboard. Use NO 74'xxx chips.  Program the PLD and build the circuit on your breadboard. See below for specifications on your inputs and outputs.  Use your DAD for CLK, i.e., do NOT build physical switch circuits.  Replacing your DAD with physical switch circuits is okay, but will result in a significant point reduction.   Build a physical switch circuit for START(L), i.e., do NOT use your DAD.  Replacing your physical switch circuit with your DAD is okay, but will result in a significant point reduction. Make a legend for START(L), indicating the true positions, as you did for switches in lab.   Use your DAD for the octal output sequence YJ (where J is the bit position 0, 1, ...), must be displayed using your DAD Waveform's StaticIO in the same bit positions, i.e., YJ should be in bit position J on the Waveform's StaticIO bit J. Do NOT build physical LED circuits.  Replacing your DAD with physical LED circuits is okay, but will result in a significant point reduction.   Build a physical LED circuit for X(L), i.e., do NOT use your DAD.  Replacing your physical LED circuits with your DAD is okay, but will result in a significant point reduction. The physical LED should be illuminated with X(L) is true. Make a legend for the LED to indicate which LED correspond to X(L), as you did in lab.     Other than the above, build the circuit using only your PLD, either of your two breadboards, wires, switches, LEDs, and resistors (i.e., as specified above). No physical 74xxx parts are allowed. Test your circuit. When you are confident that it works properly (or when time requires that you do so), archive this Quartus project and submit it as part of this practical quiz.  Submissions You MUST complete the two file uploads (see below) before the end of your practical.   If you have not already done so, when there are five minutes remaining in your practical, you should stop working and start this process.  You must archive your Quartus design and upload it (in the next problem).  In the last problem, you must upload a single pdf file (use CamScanner or equivalent) containing a clear picture of your breadboard that shows your circuit (as well as switch and LED legends) and also contains clear pictures of your scratch paper, showing the next state truth and any equations that were derived.  Failure to upload these files before the end of the practical will result in a grade of zero.  Demonstration You will have only ONE chance to demo your work.  If you think you are ready, read the question again to be sure that you completed ALL parts of this practical. Do not ask us for any feedback on your design. Be prepared to show (and re-run) your simulation and to run your design, as instructed, by a PI or Dr. Schwartz. If ready prior to the end of the practical, use Zoom's chat to tell your PI that you are ready by sending READY. You will NOT be told anything about how you did, but grades will be posted ASAP.   You will show your Quartus simulation to match the requirements from Part 1, item 6.  Your Simulator Tool should already be open in your Quartus project when you start your demonstration.   Demonstrate your physical circuit, following the PI's instructions with inputs.
The triads of a muscle fiber consist of ________.
A tax rate that increases as income rises is a
Which of the following correctly lists taxonomic categories from the "highest" to "lowest" levels (largest number of organisms included = "highest" to smallest number of organisms included = "lowest")?:
What is the [H3O+] in a buffer that consists of 0.30 M HCOOH and 0.20 M HCOONa?    [Ka(HCOOH) = 1.7 x 10-4]
An intrauterine device is used to:
A pregnant woman has a Rubella titer drawn during her first prenatal visit. The RN explains that this test measures:
Breathing 100% O2, a patient has P/F of 70. Based on this information, what might you conclude?
Graph the equation (x + 3)2 + (y - 2)2 = 16
