Treatment choices Please choose ONE of the five questions below. Remember to choose an area of treatment that is a different area from the area you chose for assessment in this morning's exam.   Queston 1) Speech Treatment Please describe how you would provide speech treatment for Laura, an 8-year-old girl who presents with velar fronting, as well as final consonant deletion.  She is fluent in English and Spanish and moved to the US from Ecuador when she was 4 years old.  Her phonological processes are evident in both of her languages.  She speaks Spanish at home and has been in English-speaking schools since pre-school.  Please describe one of the first activities (in detail) that you would perform with her in treatment and a general overview (in one or two sentences) of what you would work on for the next few months.   Question 2) Voice Treatment Your patient has a 3-month history of left vocal fold paralysis and muscle tension dysphonia following a severe viral infection. The vocal fold is noted to be immobile in the paramedian position. The patient presents with a reduced loudness, increased pitch, and a breathy, asthenic, and strained vocal quality. Upon palpation, the patient also presents with notable tension and tenderness in the base of tongue/suprahyoid region and the thyrohyoid space.   You suspect the muscle tension dysphonia is a compensation in response to the vocal fold paralysis. You decide to refer your patient to an ENT, for consideration of medical/surgical intervention. The ENT is a close colleague of yours, and you know that, in cases such as this, she will first perform a less-invasive medical procedure. If that procedure is successful, she will consider a more permanent corrective surgery. a. What is a medical/non-surgical approach to restoring voice function that is indicated for this patient? Briefly describe this procedure.b. Assuming that all goes well, what is a permanent, surgical approach to restoring voice function in this patient? Briefly describe this procedure.  Is there a role for behavioral voice therapy prior to the permanent vocal surgery? Provide justification for your response.  Is there a role for behavioral voice therapy after to the permanent vocal surgery? Provide justification for your response.     Question 3) Dysphagia Treatment The patient is a 90-year old female with a history of Alzheimer's disease, resulting in profound dysphagia and compromised swallowing safety and efficiency.  She has had repeated pneumonias in the last two years, and reports eating and drinking to be very uncomfortable because of the frequent coughing fits and sensation of foods sticking.  There is medical concern that she has less than 6 months to live.  The patient has expressed interest in continuing to eat.  You perform a clinical evaluation of swallowing with the patient, in the presence of the patient's primary caregivers.  Bolus trials reveal considerable effort and coughing, though when trialing smaller sips with chin tuck, coughing is eliminated and the patient appears more comfortable.      What is the role of the SLP intervention for palliative care?   Would you recommend exercise-based (restorative) interventions? If so, what?  Justify your answer. Would you recommend a compensatory intervention? If so, what?  Justify your answer. Provide one reason why you would not recommend an instrumental assessment of swallowing for this patient.     The caregivers want to know if getting a feeding tube placed will increase the life expectancy for this patient.  Answer their question, and also, provide one "benefit" and one "drawback" with feeding tubes in the patient of palliative care.   Question 4) Cleft Palate Treatment Lisa, a 7-year-old girl, had her cleft palate repaired when she was 12 months old.  In your evaluation you found that she has nasal emissions for fricatives, affricates, and alveolar stops.  You noticed that her placement for /d/ is more like a /j/ (as in judge) and you learned in the assessment that she is stimulable for better, but not fully correct, placement of the /d/.    What sound are you likely to work on first, and why? What is the step-by-step plan for her treatment? Lisa is a bilingual speaker of Mandarin and English.  Her language skills are age appropriate and she is reportedly doing well academically.  In the home the family speaks Mandarin.  Lisa is fully fluent in both Mandarin and English, as is her father.  Her mother is essentially a monolingual Mandarin speaker.  It is likely that her mom will be working with her in the home, but her father is very engaged and both parents come to all sessions.  How will you determine in what language(s) she should receive treatment?    Question 5) Literacy Treatment You are an SLP working in a public school and are conducting a phonological awareness intervention with children in a kindergarten classroom.  Define what phonological and phonemic awareness are. Discuss the general developmental progression that you would follow when providing the intervention. Discuss 4 - 5 key aspects of an effective phonological awareness instruction.
What must be achieved prior to deploying an anomaly-based detection system on a network?
A solution containing 45 mL of 0.015 M CaCl2 was added to 55 mL of 0.010M Na2SO4. Qsp was determined to be 3.7 x 10-5. If the Ksp of CaSO4 is 2.4 x 10-5, will a precipitate form?
What is spatial summation and how is it different than temporal summation?
"The intensity of radiation is inversely proportional to the square of the distance from the x-ray source" describes which principle?
Which of the following correctly defines "homeotic genes"?
This Asian country is still a communist country with a domineering government but has allowed more private ownership since the late 1970s. Its growth rate has been about 8% in the last few years:
Ultrasonic cleaning of instruments is associated with this term:
Oliver Cromwell devoted his army to
The crystals in matter are held together by ...
40. Ten days after treating a 34-year-old patient with tuberculosis, you are given a tuberculin skin test, which yields a positive result. This MOST likely indicates that:
In a culture characterized by narrow socialization, what traits are highly prized?
Coach Rex expects his football players to practice with the same intensity that they play the game. His practices are usually gruelling. Coach Rex's players know that if they do not put the effort expected by the coach, that each player will be required to run the stadium steps 5 times before heading to locker room at the of the practice. Is Coach Rex using reinforcement or punishment techniques  to condition his players to practice hard?
The defining characteristic of embryophytes is:
A ratio of the dose of the drug that is toxic to humans versus the minimum effective dose for that pathogen is assessed to predict the potential for toxic drug reactions. This is called the
When Tim returned to Vietnam, what did he do in the village they visited?
For questions 32 - 40, you will be NEATLY working out each problem on a blank sheet of paper. After you have completed all questions and are ready to submit the test, you will get your phone from across the room and scan your work as a SINGLE PDF. Once scanned, you will upload the scan directly from your phone into the Canvas app. You will submit this assignment in the Test Submissions category under Chapter 7 Test Submission.Do NOT type anything in the box below each question. Just submit your upload and I will grade only that for these questions.Please remain in Honorlock until you have submitted your upload. Once the upload is submitted, please submit your test.   You are still allowed to have your calculators out - you'll need them for some of these upload problems:)
Choose the best answer to complete the sentence. Unlike the past, these days women are often encouraged to go to college, have careers, and __________.
Three spaced dots is called a(an) ________________.
The nurse is administering insulin lispro and will keep in mind that this insulin will start to have an effect within which time frame?
