Heat transfer from fins made of copper are attached to an electronic component, shownabove. The convection coefficient is 35 W/m2K and the thermal contact resistancebetween the device and the fins is 1x10-3 m2K/W. Thermal conductivity of copper is 400W/mK. (a) Calculate the fin area and fin resistance.(b) Sketch the thermal equivalent circuit.(c) What is the temperature of the surface of the electronic component when 5W isgenerated in the device and the ambient temperature is 20 oC.
What measures how well a solution meets the identified system requirements to solve the problems and take advantage of opportunities?
The terms of a fully integrated contract can be contradicted by evidence of any prior agreements.
You must have broadband (high-speed) internet access to view the videos and the lectures in this course.
22. Which of the following statement about hydralazine is TRUE?
Late one night your friend, Bob called you to come and be the lookout person and the getaway driver for him while he goes and robs a convenient store. You were so sleepy so you told him no. Bob is guilty of solicitation. This true or false?
A tight monetary policy was one cause of the Depression of  1893
Which of the following substances was found in many herbal supplements until it was banned in 2003?
Mike's Ice cream shop had the following     Net Sales   Operating expenses   Cost of goods sold   Taxes paid     $281,400   $119,380   $103,800   $7240        Find the net income before Taxes. Use dollar sign, comma if necessary, and round to cents
Simplify the power of i to i, 1, -i or -1.i12
The natural progression of shore features on erosional coasts is:
A pregnant woman's body mass index (BMI) is 18 kg/m2. What is the appropriate weight gain goal for this pregnancy?
Match the concepts according to their respective definition
Electronic communication can aid new social movements
What is John Rolfe known for?
Which assessment finding could indicate hemorrhage in the postpartum patient?
Which of the following is an example of a between-word disfluency?
If four packages of meat were processed in the same facility on the same production day and were placed in a freezer at 15 degrees, a refrigerator at 33 degrees, a refrigerator at 38 degrees and a refrigerator at 45 degrees which would last the longest  before spoiling?
Which labeled structure in the diagram contains the cell bodies of sensory neurons?
What is wrong with the following code? int count = 2000 * 3000 * 4000;
