Problems                Prepare the problems below using Excel. Upload the workbook using the link.            1. (12 points) Kawhi Corporation is a wholesaler of industrial goods. Data regarding the store's operations follow:             * Sales are budgeted at $298,000 for November, $326,000 for December and $270,000 for January.              * Cash sales are expected to be 35% of sales, and credit sales are expected to be 65% of sales. Collections of credit sales are expected to be 51% in the month of sale, 47% in the month following the sale, and 2% uncollectible.              * The cost of goods sold is 70% of sales.              * The company purchases 45% of its merchandise in the month prior to the month of sale and 55% in the month of sale without regard to beginning or ending merchandise inventory. Payment for merchandise is made in the month following the purchase.               * The November beginning balance in the accounts receivable account is $76,400.             Required:             a. Prepare a Schedule of Expected Cash Collections for November and December.             b. Prepare a Merchandise Purchases Budget for November and December.                     2. (12 points) A sales budget is given below for one of the products manufactured by the Locke Co.:                 Sales Budget          in Units        January 26,000        February 40,000        March 84,000        April 56,000        May 34,000        June 30,000              The inventory of finished goods at the end of each month must equal 35% of the next month's sales. On December 31, the finished goods inventory totaled 5,200 units.                Each unit of product requires seven specialized electrical switches. The company has a policy of maintaining an ending inventory at the end of each month equal to 15% of the next month's production needs. This requirement had been met on January 1 of the current year. Each switch costs $4.00.               Required:                 Prepare a budget showing the cost of switches to be purchased each month for January, February, and March and in total for the quarter. (Note: both a production budget and direct materials budget will need to be prepared.)
Dr. Tamar is a therapist who explores his client's early relationships. Based on what he learns, he encourages the client to adopt new ways of thinking and behaving. Dr. Tamar is using
Conjugate pedir  for tu. (just use the present tense conjugated verb no subjects) Don't forget the stem change if needed.
Use the graph of  below to evaluate
"Mr. Buchanan is poor, and he always loses when he plays poker. Therefore, Mr. Buchanan is a poor loser" commits the fallacy of
Rewrite the following exponential form into it's logarithmic form: ab=c{"version":"1.1","math":"ab=c"}
Eighty-two voters are asked to rank four brands of cereal:  A, B, C, D.  The votes are summarized in the following preference table.  Determine the winner using the plurality method. The winner is:
Which of the following statements about human gustation is false?
The unrefined oil has a higher proportion of
Operationalized hypothetical physiological processes that were used when multiple forms of evidence converged to support a similar explanation are called ___________ variables.
According to the video that examines the role of innovation in sponsorships shown in Lecture 15, which of the following companies introduced a "sideline slider" that is credited with creating a brand experience that revolutionizes the sports sponsorship experience?
You receive his labs. His CMP is WNL and his HgbA1C is 7.6%. He states that he "tries to eat right and exercise, but it is so hard to do so." Question 6: Based on the A1C values, what are some pharmacological options for this patient to enhance blood sugar control? What are potential side effects of these medications?
What helps facilitate social bonding in humans?
The planet Mercury
The greatest worldwide use of water is
Which food groups have the highest amount of vitamin E?
Dr. McDonald is a nutritionist who is measuring whether the keeping of a "food journal" reduces over-eating.  She has only one participant, but she keeps track of their calories eaten at breakfast, lunch, and dinner for twelve days.  What type of small-N design is Dr. McDonald using?
What invention changed forever the relationship between agriculture and the cattle industry on the Great Plains?
The nurse is reinforcing teaching about the most serious side effect of peritoneal dialysis with a patient scheduled for the first treatment. Which side effect stated by the patient indicates correct understanding?
Which of the following drugs triggers activity in the sympathetic nervous system?
