ABC Company makes a product that uses a material with the quantity standard of 7.3 grams per unit of output and the price standard of $6.00 per gram. In January the company produced 3,400 units using 24,870 grams of the direct material. During the month the company purchased 27,400 grams of the direct material at $6.10 per gram.The direct materials quantity variance for January is:
Name the structure labeled "E" on the wall mount above.
MULTIPLE CHOICE. Write and solve an equation to answer the question. One pump can drain a pool in 10 minutes. When a second pump is also used, the pool only takes 7 minutes to drain. How long would it take the second pump to drain the pool if it were the only pump in use? Round your answer to the nearest hundredth.
Two differences between Futures and Forwards contracts are: (Select both correct answers.)
An un-stretched hanging spring is 50 cm long. Suspending a 100-N block from it increases its length to 65 cm. Adding another 100-N block makes the spring's length ...
Problem 7 (7 points): A tutoring center allows students to make appointments for up to 60 minutes. Let the random variable X represent the amount of time that the student spends receiving tutoring, and assume that all time intervals of equal length are equally likely.  (2 points) What is the probability distribution for the random variable X? (2 points) Graph the distribution. (3 points) What is the probability that a student receives tutoring for 15 to 20 minutes?
A physical therapist assistant is making recommendations for an adaptive wheelchair for a patient with cerebral palsy with moderate extensor tone. Which of the following would be an appropriate recommendation?
The potential ecological niche of a species is its realized niche.
a) Describe a difference between photosynthesis and respiration; AND b) Describe a difference between the Calvin cycle and glycolysis
Wordsworth Co. had the following information pertaining to inventory for the month of April:         Units   Unit Cost     Beginning inventory   100    $ 8      Purchase (April 3)   60   12     Sale (April 10)   80         Purchase (April 18)   50   15     Purchase (April 23)   80   18     Sale (April 28)   100             Assuming Wordsworth uses a periodic LIFO cost flow assumption, ending inventory at April 30 would be [1]. Assuming Wordsworth uses a perpetual LIFO cost flow assumption, ending inventory at April 30 would be [2]. Assuming Wordsworth uses a periodic weighted average cost flow assumption, the cost of goods sold (rounded to the nearest dollar) at April 30 would be [3].
How many articles appear in the Wyoming Constitution?
Conservation in Piaget's theory is:
Which of the following types of structures is the one mostly related to land?
When pyruvate enters the mitochondria, it is transformed into:
Starting with 60 kVp, what new kVp would result in reducing image receptor exposure to one half of the original and what affect would it have on contrast?
Which is NOT a characteristic of smooth muscle?
Which of the following statements best aligns with the concept of organizational legitimacy (i.e., the license to operate)?
The muscle that separates the thoracic cavity from the abdomen in mammals is the ________________.
As discussed in class, which company has a Team Manager Management Style?
Which of the following does NOT belong to geographic pricing methods?
