At what stage of the bacterial growth curve do the reproductive and death rates equalize?
List and describe in detail two ways that a microbe can be used as treatment for a disease.  Explain the advantage of that treatment over other treatments.
Which of the following prevents food and water from entering the trachea?
Which of the following positions is often used to insert a rectal enema tip before a barium enema study?
The intersection between the two parietal bones and the occipital bone is called the:
5.1.7   Use the following information and calculate the selling price of ONE bottle of jam.  Janine makes 100 bottles of jam weekly. (1 month = 4weeks.  1 week = 5 working days)    (13)             Water and electricity per month     R500       Ingredients for 100 bottles of jam     R600       Daily wages (5 days a week)     R200 per worker per day       Weekly transport     R70       Packaging of 100 bottles of jam per week     R200       Profit margin     75%         Redraw the following table and complete the table to calculate the selling price of ONE bottle of jam. SHOW ALL CALCULATIONS.                  Fixed expenses  Per month   Water and electricity (1)   Variable expenses  Per week     Ingredients   (1)   Wages   (4)   Transport   (1)   Packaging   (1)    TOTAL   (1)    PROFIT MARGIN  (2)    SELLING PRICE PER BOTTLE   (2)
What is the federal government's response to the legalization of medical marijuana by some states?
What does '611' refer to?
What is the anatomical name for each of these: Adam's Apple [1] soft palate [2] lower jaw [3]  tip of tongue [4]
How many valence electrons for B ?
Table 1 contains the factors for an accounting firm. Calculate the dollars per client for each factor in the corresponding blank cells in the last column of Table 1.  The overhead factor is already in dollars per client appointment as indicated in the last column. Then calculate the total cost per day in the corresponding blank cell in Table 1.  The total clients per day is indicated in Table 1. Last, calculate the multifactor productivity to the nearest third decimal place in the corresponding blank cell in the bottom row of Table 1. Multifactor productivity  NOTE: If you are unable to select any of the cells toward the right-hand side of the PERT Table, please click on a cell within the same row on the left-hand side of the table and use the 'Tab' key to tab over to the cell you would like to edit.  Table 1: Accounting Firm Factors and Costs    Factor Units per day Cost per unit Dollars per day   Equipment 1,420 minutes/day $0.05/minute $[Q1]   CPA labor 560 minutes/day $45/hour $[Q2]   Assistant labor 680 minutes/day $24/hour $[Q3]   Raw material 42 items/day $5/item $[Q4]   Facility Overhead 1 office/day $279/office $[Q5]                  Total clients/day  17 clients/day   Total cost/day $[Q6] $/day            Multifactor productivity (enter number to the nearest third decimal place) [Q7] clients/dollar
Following an open reduction and internal fixation of the hip, the nurse would know that the patient understands the discharge teaching when the client states, "I should avoid
9.  Language that appeals to a reader's sense of taste, hearing, smell, and touch is called imagery.
This type of ineffective listening deals with listening carefully to you, but only to use what they've collected to attack what you say.
In SWOT analysis, which of the following refers to factors in the external environment?
Which of the following best explains which compound is more acidic?CH3OH and CH3NH2
A patient arrived at the emergency department with a possible spinal cord injury. While assessing the patient, the nurse places the highest priority on which of the following?
Wearing Wireless 1 Doctors want their patients to make fewer visits to their offices. They also want them to stay out of the hospital. This is increasingly possible because of the promising new advances in wireless technology. It is now feasible to provide some forms of healthcare through small wireless devices that patients can wear. The market for these devices, often called smart apparel, is immense, and it is growing quickly. In 2011, about 14 million of these products were produced a t a value of about $2 billion. Experts predicted that by 2016, the figures would be closer to 200 million devices and $6 billion. 2 The first devices to be developed have been watches, bracelets, or other types of "jewelry." Their primary purpose has been to monitor a patient's basic health indicators, such as blood pressure, heartrate, and breathing rate. They can continuously transmit the information to a patient's doctor. This kind of information is very important because it can show whether patients are healthy and stable or if they might be heading for trouble. It is particularly valuable to patients with cardiovascular or respiratory diseases who would have to visit their doctors frequently if they did not have these monitoring devices. Another important group of users is pregnant women. The devices can transmit information about their unborn babies to their doctors. This can help ensure that the babies remain healthy until they are born. The Latest Developments 3 More recent devices can monitor a much wider range of indicators. They can measure the level of sugar in a patient's blood, a patient's body temperature, and how much energy a patient is using. Like the earlier devices, they can transmit this information to the patient's doctors, who can assess it from their offices. In this way, doctors become aware of problems before the problems become a danger to the patients. 4 Now the developers of these devices want to go a step further. They want to offer devices that are actually wearable, that are part of a patient's clothing. This has been a considerable challenge. To ensure that the devices work effectively and provide ongoing services, the developers have had to solve two problems. First, they need to develop sensitive materials that can gather information continuously. Second, the power source has to be small enough to be wearable and strong enough to be washable. Scientists have begun developing special fabrics that respond to body temperature and can gather information from the surface of the skin. Others have been working on batteries that are so small and flexible that they can be woven into cloth. These newest devices will not feel like technology; they will feel like a shirt or a sweater. 5 Monitoring health is just one of the purposes of this new smart apparel. Some will also deliver therapy to patients. This technology is like the patches that people use when they are trying to stop smoking. The clothing will continuously deliver small amounts of medicine through the skin. One day in the future, you may wear prescription jeans! 6 Wearable wireless healthcare devices like these will allow many patients to live more independent lives. In the past, they may have had to stay in hospitals or see their doctors frequently. The devices will allow doctors to provide remote care, so patients can stay in their own homes even if they live alone. The information from the devices will inform doctors quickly if there is a problem, often before the patients themselves are aware that anything is amiss. Wearable Wireless Devices for the Healthy 7 Although the motivation for the development of these devices comes primarily from concerns about patient care, industry experts say that the greatest potential for this market is not for people who are sick but for people who are well. 8 People in developed countries are increasingly concerned about staying in good health. They are careful about their diet, they exercise, and they try to control stress in their lives. Wireless apparel can help them manage all of these things. There are several devices already on the market--from bracelets to underwear--that can provide users with basic health information, such as body temperature, heartrate, and blood pressure. In addition, these devices can report how many steps a user takes, how many calories the user has burned, and even if the user is sitting up straight. For both the sick and the healthy, smart apparel may be in their future.
In which region of the abdomen would stomach pain most likely be felt?
1.4   Wat doen die digter met sy skaduwee?   (1)
