Article Ethics and Community Corrections   In this article the author discusses unethical practices in community corrections with parolees. In your opinion why do probation/parole officers do not have to follow the same procedure of police, pertaining to search/seizure. Do you think unethical practices happen more under this rule than compared to police? Why do probation/parole have more authority under their parolees?
When k is greater than 1 and smaller than n, k-fold cross validation would lead to less variance and more bias in the estimate of the model than leave-one-out cross-validation.
Which of the following people will have the lowest EER?
What is that portion of the spectacles that holds the lenses containing the ophthalmic prescription in their proper position in front of the eyes?
What is the main reason to use a guide catheter with side-holes?
The default section of a switch statement is optional.
___________ is the process by which particles in a stream are dragged along the bottom of the channel.
The respiratory and urinary systems consistently work together to maintain a set point of 7.4 on the pH scale.  Citing specific structures, chemicals, and processes explain how EACH of these organ systems maintain pH within the blood.  What chemicals or processes within each system cause a change in pH?  Be sure to show the connection/cooperative aspects of these systems.  Elaborate on your answer using complete sentences.  (5 points)
Which electrolyte would the nurse identify as the major electrolyte responsible for determining the concentration of the extracellular fluid?
An interview is a two-way process.
Regarding Bloom's taxonomy, which critical reading and writing task is harder than Apply?
Given the following preference table, does any candidate have a majority?  If so, which candidate?
Answer Bank:   A:
Getting members of the general public, who are interested in an issue, to contact elected officials to persuade them on an issue, is called:
Name eight components of the Coordinated School Health Program (3 points each).
The peasant revolts of the 1300s:
Motor nerves are also referred to as afferent nerves.
Identify hazard class associated with pictogram G.
Who wrote The Inferno, and consequently, The Divine Comedy?
There is a debate at your lab table regarding Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Today in lab you will be working with acids and bases. As you gather materials for the experiment you notice Bill,  a member of another group,  pouring acid into a test tube with his goggles on top of his head. Kayla, a member of your group, admonishes you not to say anything because Bill is in no real danger since he has already poured the acid. You
