When a medical error occurs:
A female client is being discharged from an inpatient mental health unit after receiving treatment for bipolar disorder. She has responded well to treatment but voices concern about going home and maintaining balance in her life. The client would benefit most by a response from the nurse that conveyed the therapeutic communication principle of:
Grades provide teachers with guidance for remediation, grouping and differentiating instruction.
All of the following can cause xanthochromia in CSF EXCEPT:
Study Finds That Washing Eases Guilty Consciences from The New York Times/ 2006 by Benedict Carey Liars, cheats, philanderers and murderers are not renowned for exquisite personal hygiene, but then no one has studied their showering habits. They may scrub extra hard after a con job, use $40 hyacinth shampoo after a secret tryst or book a weekend at a spa after a particularly ugly hit. They are human beings, after all, and if a study published last week is any guide, they feel a strong urge to wash their hands -- literally -- after a despicable act in an unconscious effort to ease their consciences. And it works, at least for minor guilt stains. People who washed their hands after contemplating an unethical act were less troubled by their thoughts than those who didn't, the study found. "The association between moral and physical purity has been taken for granted for so long that it was startling that no one had ever shown empirical evidence of it," said Chen-Bo Zhong, an author of the new research and a behavioral researcher at the University of Toronto. The study, which he wrote with Katie Liljenquist, a graduate student at Northwestern University, appeared in the journal Science. The researchers call this urge to clean up the "Macbeth effect," after the scene in Shakespeare's tragedy in which Lady Macbeth moans, "Out, damned spot! Out, I say!" after bloodying her hands when her husband, at her urging, murders King Duncan. In one of several experiments among Northwestern undergraduates, the researchers had one group of students recall an unethical act from their past, like betraying a friend, and another group reflect on an ethical deed, like returning lost money. Afterward, the students had their choice of a gift, either a pencil or an antiseptic wipe. Those who had reflected on a shameful act were twice as likely as the others to take the wipe. In another experiment, the researchers found that students who had been contemplating an unethical deed rated the value of cleaning products significantly higher than peers who had been thinking about an ethical act. Psychologists have known for years that when people betray their values, they feel a need to compensate. Christians who have read a blasphemous story about Jesus express a desire to go to church more frequently; social liberals who feel they have discriminated express an increased desire to volunteer for civil rights work. "It's sometimes called symbolic cleansing, or moral cleansing, and it's an attempt to repair moral identity," said Dr. Philip Tetlock, a professor of organizational behavior at the University of California, Berkeley. Sure enough, Mr. Zhong and Ms. Liljenquist found that students who had been thinking about past sins were very likely to agree to volunteer their time to help with a graduate school project -- unless they had been allowed to wash their hands, which cut their willingness to volunteer roughly in half. Several people known to have expressed guilt over spreading rumors were asked to comment for the record on the findings, but all declined. And efforts to contact hit men to inquire about personal hygiene were deemed unwise; none had publicists. But Macbeth was available for comment. Liev Schreiber, who played Macbeth to critical acclaim this summer at the Delacorte Theater in Central Park, said the moral weight of the murder in the play was exhausting. And he said that cast members lined up to shower at the theater, rather than waiting until they got home. "That was unusual -- usually no one uses those theater showers," Mr. Schreiber said in an interview. "I had to shower. I was covered in eight gallons of fake blood by the end." He said he had no idea how much the cast's cleansing was because of to the moral horror of the play and how much was because of the muggy summer weather. Either way, the Macbeths, by the last act, have fallen to pieces, physically and mentally, despite compulsive efforts to purge their sins. Mr. Zhong said in an interview that for this couple at least, all the kingdom's washbasins were not enough to ease their consciences. But the murder of a king, he acknowledged, falls into a different category from the confessed sins of the undergraduates, which included shoplifting, lying and "kissing a married man." "We do believe there might be limits to how well simple hand washing can clean your slate," he said, "but it remains to be seen where that limit is." Link
Kellie is researching married couples and operates under the assumption that the benefits associated with marriage are a result of the personal characteristics of those who choose to marry. For example, socioeconomic status leads to whether someone marries or not. Which type of hypothesis is Kellie using to guide her research?
You are checking a person experiencing a breathing emergency and notice that the person is breathing quite rapidly. The person tells you that it feels like they cannot get enough air. You suspect which of the following?
A polypeptide in a wild type microbe contains the sequence Leu-Pro-Tyr-Ser-Pro. A phenotypic variant of the species has the peptide sequence Leu-Pro-Cys-Ser-Pro. This is an example of a(n) ________ mutation.
In an ECG, the electrical activity associated with atrial repolarization is usually hidden by the QRS complex.
What is the correct filing order for the following four names? (1) Pier Point Cafe (2) Pier 1 Store (3) Pier 3 Souvenirs (4) Pier 7 Diner
A sixty-five year old patient is being discharged home on warfarin (Coumadin) following a diagnosis of Atrial Fibrillation.  Which statement by the patient indicates an understanding of the nursing teaching provided during his hospital stay?
How many electrons can be contained in the first energy level?
Name the antigen(s) associated with A- blood.
When must a radiographer use gonadal shielding?
The first row of an Excel table contains
In the ______________________, the neuron cannot respond to a second stimulus, no matter how strong.
The first partisan presidential election was in the year 1800 and was between the two political parties  the                                      and the                                       .
counter = 1 until counter > 10 puts counter counter+=1 endWhat is the output ?
The biceps brachii is stimulated with a short stimulus.  If a second short stimulus is given once before the muscle has completely relaxed, __________ will occur.
Varenicline or Chantix is used to help patients stop smoking by decreasing the patient's need for nicotine, although the drug binds to the same receptor as nicotine.  This is due to:
