"Are we prepared for so stubborn a fight as a future war involving the great powers of Europe will undoubtedly become? The answer, we must say without evasion, is no. In addition to the military considerations, there is also the political angle. It should not be forgotten that Russia and Germany are representatives of the conservative principle in the civilized world, as opposed to the democratic principle represented by England and France. From this point of view, a war between Russia and Germany, regardless of the specific issues over which it is fought, is profoundly undesirable to both sides. Such a conflict, however it ends, would entail the weakening of the conservative principle of which the two powers are the only reliable bulwarks. Moreover, one must realize that, under the precarious conditions that now exist, a general European war is mortally dangerous to both Russia and Germany, no matter who wins. It is my firm conviction, based on long and careful study of the multitude of subversive tendencies and movements that we are presently facing, that there must inevitably break out in the defeated country a social revolution that, by the very nature of these things, will inevitably spread to the country of the victor. In our country today, there are countless agitators telling the peasant that he should demand a gratuitous share of somebody else's land, or the worker that he should be getting hold of the entire capital and profits of the manufacturer. War with Germany will create exceptionally favorable conditions for such agitations." Pyotr Durnovo, Russian Minister of the Interior, memorandum to Tsar Nicholas II, February 1914            Durnovo's argument in the second paragraph regarding the effect of war between Germany and Russia on the two countries would prove to be
List the 4 approaches to studying animal behavior and describe each. List them as: a) b) c) d)
The following are methods for pricing deposits: I) Cap and Trade MethodII) Cost Plus Profit Margin MethodIII) Passbook MethodIV) Marginal Cost MethodV) Total Customer Relationship Method
Problem 8: The spectral transmissivity of a glass covers used in a solar collector is given as
The __________ contains membrane receptors that bind ACh.
Is the following molecule aromatic, antiaromatic or neither aromatic nor antiaromatic?
What medication causes Reye's syndrome in the pediatric population?
Which of the following is not typically thought of as a basic emotion?
Reactions involving electron removal are called__________ reactions.
Proteins are made of amino acids.
Of the following patient statements, which do nurses recognize as the highest risk for a patient to commit suicide?
What does the term identification of goods mean?
This French explorer established the first French settlement at Quebec in 1608.
Which two landmark Supreme Court cases signaled the need for change in juvenile courts during the 1960s, especially due process protections?
With which of the following bones does the vomer articulate? 1.     ethmoid 2.     maxilla 3.     sphenoid
Decide whether the following statement is true or false AND provide a justification for your decision: Lactic acid fermentation is a type of anaerobic respiration carried out in muscle cells.
Some diseases can cause long-term or permanent damage in the patient termed ______.
Wind speed and direction are mainly caused and controlled by:
In this slide of pancreas, name the structure B
Chen Lo uses a decision rule that says "Only buy well-known brand names" when selecting a set of golf clubs. He does not look at price, the store, or even discounts when purchasing clubs. Chen Lo's purchasing pattern is an example of a consumer using a ________.
