78
You performed a lower leg image and notice that it is not AP enough.  You notice that the tibio-fibular joint is open. Knowing this, how to do re-position this knee for the repeat?
Identify the difference between an a-helix and a b-pleated sheet?
The major difference in the bone marrow of a patient with a viral infection VS lymphoid leukemia?
A client with Tuberculosis (TB) is being treated for the first 2 months with pyrazinamide (Tebrazid), isoniazid (INH) and rifampin (Rifadin). Which of the following would the nurse recognize to be a complication of these medications?
The "star" effect in image reconstruction is most likely created by:
Which of the following sentences demonstrates conversational business writing?
The first organisms on Earth were most probably
Which type of fold has two limbs dipping in the same direction but by different amounts?
After initially detecting the perfume on your partner, over time you would cease to notice it due to
You were running out your house this morning and forgot to grab breakfast even though you have an exam in A & P today.  So, you are now attempting to take this exam on an empty stomach.  As a result, your blood sugar levels are lower than normal.  These lower blood sugar levels are detected by glucose receptors on alpha cells in the pancreas. As a result of receiving that information, the alpha cells release a hormone called glucagon.  Glucagon travels through the blood stream until it reaches the liver.  Within the liver, glucagon stimulates the enzyme glycogen phosphorylase A to convert glycogen to glucose (see the chemical equation below).  The release of glucagon from the alpha cells in the pancreas continues until blood glucose levels are elevated into the normal range.  Glycogen phosphorylase A also inhibits the enzyme glucose synthetase (GS). GS converts glucose into glycogen. (4.5 pts.)  A. In general, what is the function of an enzyme? (0.5) B. Would glycogen phosphorylase A be able to convert a protein into its respective amino acids?  Explain your reasoning. (1) C. If a medication was able to activate GS, independent of the presence of glycogen phosphorylase A, what would happen to blood glucose levels? What hormone might this mimic? Explain your reasoning. (1) D. Explain what would happen to glucose synthetase if the temperature of the body increased above 40 degrees Celsius. (0.5) E. Which substrate normally binds to the active site of glycogen phosphorylase? Medication inhibits glycogen phosphorylase A by binding to the allosteric site of the enzyme. This medication is said to be what type of inhibitor? (1)
Case Study #1: Mr. J. is a 48 year old, 5'10", medium frame male who currently weighs 170 lbs (77.3 kg). He has cirrhosis. His UBW for many years prior to being diagnosed with cirrhosis was 160 lbs (~73 kg). He has been admitted to the hospital on previous occasions for treatment of cirrhosis. The underlying cause of his cirrhosis has been attributed to chronic alcoholism. On medical rounds two days after admission to the hospital it was noted that Mr. J had severe ascites. The medical team also noted that Mr. J appeared to be confused (i.e., he did not know where he was, his name or the year), and he had impaired neuromuscular control with asterixis. The nurse reported that he was difficult to arouse when she attempted to take his vital signs. His lab values include a serum albumin of 2.7 g/dl and serum bilirubin (total) of 2.8 mg/dl (normal range: 0.2-1.3 mg/dl). After examination of the patient, the medical team determined that Mr. J. has hepatic encephalopathy. The physician ordered lactulose. A sodium restricted diet was ordered. Mr. J's physician asks you to explain the rationale behind the proposed concept of providing the majority of protein from vegetable protein sources for a patient with cirrhosis. Which of the following statements would represent one of the ideas presented in the scientific literature?
The majority of older adults take 5 or more prescription medications. This is known as
In which of the following places are thunderstorms most common?
What kind of pan is preferred for shortened cakes?
Which of the following best describes how an anthropogenic activity can increase ocean acidification?
Precalving nutrition has no effects on following
The weakening of the walls of an artery which lead to enlargement of the blood vessel is called a(n)
Calculate the amount of energy (in kJ) to be required for a 100-g sample of benzene (C6H6, M = 78.115 g/mol) at 2.00 degC to rise to 80.00 degC? The normal freezing point for benzene is 5.85 degC and boiling point is 80.10 degC. Physical data associated with benzene is given below but not all of the data may be needed. Give the answer in kJ and at least one decimal place Cs, solid = 1.51 J/g*degC                     Cs, liquid = 1.73 J/g*degC              Cs, gas = 1.06 J/g*degC DHfus = 9.80 kJ/mol                DHvap = 33.9 kJ/mol
Order the intermolecular forces (dipole-dipole, London dispersion, ionic, and hydrogen-bonding) from weakest to strongest .
