The anterior cruciate ligament prevents ________ displacement of the tibia.
Given the following class definition, public class Shoes {   String color;   static int count = 0;   public Shoes(String color) {           this.color =  color;           count+=2;   }} What is the output of the following code snippet? Assume that the main method is implemented and ran properly public static void main(String args[]) {   Shoes boots = new Shoes("brown");   Shoes sneakers = new Shoes("white");   Shoes.count++;   System.out.println(Shoes.count);}
The probability of exceeding the ozone air quality standard in two cities A and B are 0.12 and 0.07, respectively. However, if the ozone standard is exceeded in city A, the likelihood of exceeding the standard in city B is 0.48. a) What is the probability that the ozone levels in both cities exceed the standard? b) What is the probability that ozone levels in at least one of the two cities exceed the standard? c) Should the ozone standard be exceeded in at least one of the cities, what is the probability that the ozone standard is exceeded in both cities?
What is the minimum wind speed (mph) for a tropical system to be classified as a hurricane?
Irritable bowel syndrome:
Students may join the class after role is taken;  however, they have already been counted absent for the day.
Define: Coleoptile
A prokaryote has a Gram-negative cell wall and a basic cell membrane, is spiral shaped, and has two polar flagella. Referring to the Prokaryote Dichotomous Key from your lab manual, what is the identity of this organism? Prokaryote Dichotomous Key 1a. The cell has a Gram-positive cell wall and a basic cell membrane. ...Go to 2. 1b. The cell has a Gram-negative cell wall and a basic cell membrane. ...Go to 5. 1c. The cell is neither Gram-positive nor Gram-negative, and has a cell wall with isoprene units. ...Go to 8. 2a.The cell is spherical (coccus). ... Go to 3. 2b. The cell is rod-shaped (bacillus). ... Go to 4. 3a. The cell has two polar flagella. ... Example: Staphylococcus aureus 3b. The cell lacks flagella. ... Example: Micrococcus luteus 4a. The cell has multiple flagella. ... Example: Listeria monocytogenes 4b. The cell lacks flagella. ... Example: Bacillus megaterium 5a. The cell is spherical (coccus) and lacks flagella. ...Example: Neisseria meningitidis 5b. The cell is rod-shaped (bacillus). ... Go to 6. 5c. The cell is spiral-shaped (spirillum). ... Go to 7. 6a. The cell has multiple flagella. ... Example: Helicobacter pylori 6b. The cell has a single flagellum. ... Example: Vibrio cholerae 6c. The cell lacks flagella. ... Example: Escherichia coli 7a. The cell has two polar flagella. ... Example: Spirillum volutans 7b. The cell lacks flagella. ... Example: Rhodospirillum rubrum 8a. The cell is spherical (coccus). ... Go to 9. 8b. The cell is rod-shaped (bacillus) and lacks flagella. ...Example: Methanothermus fervidus 9a. The cell has multiple flagella. ... Example: Methanococcus jannaschii 9b. The cell lacks flagella. ...Example: Methanosarcina barkeri
Which would be the route taken by lymph traveling from lymphatic vessels in the right leg to the bloodstream?
A psychologist who held the _____ perspective is primarily concerned with the study of problem solving, remembering, and other mental processes.
Which elements must be proven for a plaintiff to prevail in a nursing malpractice suit? SELECT ALL THAT APPLY
Have your completed the Chapter 9 Test in MyMathLab?
In the video, The Making of the Fittest: Evolving Switches, Evolving Bodies, what primary evolutionary change did the stickleback fish undergo?
This sentence type typically uses the conjunction "or" in English but uses the question word, "WHICH?" in ASL?
Myoview expires how long pot preparation ?
Faux Sure Paints allocates overhead based on direct labor hours. Selected data for the most recent year follow.      Estimated manufacturing overhead cost  $500,000   Actual manufacturing overhead cost $460,000   Estimated direct labor hours  40,000   Actual direct labor hours 42,000     The estimates were from the beginning of the year, while the actual results were for the entire year. MOH for the year would have been:
Select the best answer. What is the name of the file format we used in lab for sequence data?
The sequence of a strand of DNA is:  5' - C G A G C C T T A T G - 3' 1. Write down the complementary DNA strand. 2. Also, transcribe the DNA into the mRNA and write down the sequence of the mRNA. Don't forget to include the numbers in the correct position (3' and 5')
An investment opportunity promises a stated interest rate of 6 percent, with semiannual compounding. Which of the following statements is most correct?
Transverse plane motion occurs around a(n) _____ axis.
