Identify the speaker of the following passage from Fences: "St. Peter got your name in the book.  Don't have to have my name.  I done died and went to heaven. He got your name though.  One morning St. Peter was looking at his book...marking it up for the judgment...and he let me see your name. [...] He got a great big book.  Got everybody's name what was ever been born.  That's what he told me.  But I seen your name.  Seen it with my own eyes."
Primero, lee el texto una vez completo. Segundo, contesta las proximas preguntas.  El trabajo de Jose Urteaga es proteger las tortugas marinas de la extincion y al hablar de su mision, el dice: "Yo no solamente trabajo con las tortugas, yo trabajo con las personas. Las tortugas marinas han estado aqui desde los tiempos antiguos. Nosotros somos el problema". Jose nos explica como su lucha tiene muchas dimensiones. Nicaragua es el hogar de muchas especies de tortugas marinas, y sus playas ofrecen un lugar donde las tortugas hacen nidos y ponen huevos  en masa. Aunque Nicaragua ofrece las condiciones perfectas para cientos de miles de crias de tortugas cada ano, la pobreza extrema de la poblacion rural de Nicaragua conduce a muchas personas a llevarse tanto las tortugas adultas como sus huevos. Durante una visita de educacion ambiental a una escuela, si (if) les pregunto a los alumnos si vieron una tortuga baula. Solamente algunos chicos levantan la mano. Si les pregunto, no obstante, si comieron huevos de tortuga, casi todos levantan rapidamente la mano. El problema con el consumo de los huevos empezo a crecer desde la decada de los anos 80, y se convirtio en un problema critico cuando el consumo local de los huevos se extendio a las ciudades grandes. Para terminar con este problema, tenemos un principio clave: nosotros no trabajamos solo con tortugas sino con la gente. Por eso colaboramos con las organizaciones no gubernamentales locales (ONG) para mejorar las condiciones sociales, economicas y politicas en las comunidades que dependen de la especie. Primero, organizamos fuentes de ingreso alternativas como proyectos de agricultura organica, energia solar y la iniciativa "tejiendo por la naturaleza" --un proyecto de reciclaje de bolsas plasticas hecho por las mujeres de la comunidad. Luego, contratamos a antiguos "hueveros" o saqueadores de nidos que ahora trabajan como guardas en las playas. Tambien impulsamos un desarrollo turistico sostenible de acuerdo con el medio de vida tradicional (agricola) de la zona. Finalmente, promovemos la tortuga como una atraccion turistica, para generar mas recursos economicos. Es importante que la gente no explote a las tortugas hasta su extincion. En este sentido, nos ayudamos mutuamente. Despues de leer, contesta las preguntas.
Which of the following is a complication of target organ disease due to hypertension?
Stem-Changing Verbs Choose the correct verb and conjugate it in present tense. Do not write anything but the conjugated verb in the box.   e to ie Ustedes ______ (preferir) las camisas de cuadros.
To cope with the security procedures at airports, business travelers should
What rid values are returned by the following query?                 select rid from reservation where cemail like '%@_mail%';
Which description below best describes a Tributyrin plate?
Identify    A pink cells [a]
Honey bees can use polarized light to navigate.  They use this to communicate distance and direction to the foragers in their hive.  The honey bee dance that results in the scout bee forming a circle indicates what?
What mass (in g) of potassium chloride (KCl) is contained in 430.0 mL of a 0.193 M potassium chloride solution ?
Which term is not spelled correctly?
A 1.00L flask is filled with 1.25g of argon (Molar Mass = 39.95g/mol) at 25oC.  A sample of ethane vapor is added to the same flask until the total pressure is 1.300atm.  What is the partial pressure of ethane in the flask?   R = 0.08206
The compound CH3NH2 reacts with water to form CH3NH3+ and OH-. In this reaction, CH3NH2 is acting as a(n)
Color is a natural function and by-product of light.
A cell containing 44 sister chromatid pairs at metaphase would, at its completion of mitosis, produce two cells containing how many chromosomes each?
When planning emergent care for a client with a suspected MI (myocardial infarction), the nurse should anticipate administering which of the following?
The recent housing crisis saw many people get into trouble because their ________ home loans eventually reset to higher payments than they could afford.
Which of these events above all led the British government to actively seek ways to make the colonies bear part of the cost of empire and thus contributed to the Imperial Crisis?
24-year-old admitted for a chalazion of his left upper eyelid. An excision of the chalazion was completed externally without any complications.
Identify the error in the following sentence. The tribal cheif greeted the foreigners warmly, not realizing the grief they would bring to his people.
