To administer Sr 89, Metastron, the platelet count needs to be greater than:
Source 1: "At the end of the First World War, the League of Nations had been designed to implement the principle of 'collective security.' This was the principle that, wherever an act of 'aggression' occurred, the whole international community would combine to defend the victim of that aggression. In so doing, the League would defend not only the particular country concerned, but peace itself. . . . In theory this system should have been foolproof. If the principle had been fully implemented, no nation would have ever taken action to breach the peace because doing so would have united against it the combined forces of the rest of the world. Japan would not have invaded Manchuria. Italy would not have invaded Ethiopia. Nazi Germany would not have invaded Czechoslovakia or Poland. The fact that these things did nonetheless happen suggests that there was something wrong with the theory. What this was was clear: while nations would readily accept the abstract theory of 'collective security,' they were not usually willing, in concrete situations, to undergo the strenuous sacrifices involved in going to war to fulfill it." Evan Luard, historian, "The Lessons of the League," introduction to a history of the United Nations, published 1982     Source 2: "The founders of the UN created a system which theoretically prohibited states from using force unilaterally other than in self-defense. Instead, the system aimed to centralize the use of force under the control of the UN's Security Council. Under the UN Charter, the Security Council was to act in cases of breaches of peace and acts of aggression. It could take measures such as political and economic sanctions or measures involving the use of force. The Security Council was to have its own standing army and a Military Staff Committee. . . . However, the Charter's collective security scheme did not operate as planned. Not surprising, the prohibition on the use of force did not stop states from using force--there have been over 100 major conflicts since 1945. Especially during the Cold War, the veto (or the threat of veto) by the five Permanent Members--the USA, the Soviet Union, Great Britain, France, and China--obstructed the Council's ability to act. A standing UN army that could maintain or restore international peace was never established. Nevertheless, the UN system proved sufficiently flexible to allow the Security Council to take action in ways not expressly provided for in the Charter. The UN created the institution of peacekeeping, even though there was no express basis for it in the Charter. UN peacekeeping operations were to be conducted with the consent of the host state, to be impartial in nature, and were not to involve the use of force by the peacekeepers, except in self-defense. Despite these limitations and the ongoing problem of securing adequate resources, peacekeeping has been a relatively effective way of containing some international conflicts." Christine Gray, international relations expert, "The Charter Limitations on the Use of Force: Theory and Practice," scholarly article, 2008            Based on the two passages, the authors would most likely have agreed that
For the following fatty acid:    This is an omega-___ fatty acid?
A cardiologist is describing acute coronary syndromes. Which of the following medical diagnoses is the cardiologist discussing?
A patient is brought into the emergency room after ingesting a bottle of 60 one-milligram alprazolam (Xanax) tablets.  The patient is currently unarousable.  Which of the following medications are indicated?
Use the correct form of ser or estar to complete the sentence. El 21 de febrero  --- jueves.
Colonies of microorganisms that adhere to environmental surfaces are called ___.
A patient's attorney has requested copies of a patient's record who has been diagnosed with HIV.  The hospital's policy for releasing information in this situation should ensure:
Which of the following best describes the polymer shown below?
Sketch the graph of the ellipse. Label the center, vertices, and covertices on your graph. (x-2)24+(y-3)29=1{"version":"1.1","math":"frac{(x-2)^{2}}{4}+frac{(y-3)^{2}}{9} = 1"}
Find the value of the test statistic z using z =  .The claim is that the proportion of drowning deaths of children attributable to beaches is more than 0.25, and the sample statistics include  drowning deaths of children with 30% of them attributable to beaches.
Osmolarity is the ____.
In which disorder do hypomanic symptoms NOT meet the full criteria for hypomanic episode, alternate with depressive symptoms that do NOT meet the full criteria for a major depressive episode?
The percent of oxygen saturation of hemoglobin when the temperature is 38 degrees centigrade is
Species M and R are present in a mixture. The following information has been compiled for M and R.
Which of the following can be used to mitigate yield risk?
When assessing the neurological status of a client with a diagnosis of hepatic encephalopathy, the nurse asks the client to:
A client will be undergoing a total hip arthroplasty later in the day and it is anticipated that the client may require blood transfusion during surgery. How can the nurse best ensure the client's safety if a blood transfusion is required?
The indicator propyl red has Ka = 3.3 x 10-6. What would be the approximate pH range over which it would change color?
We consider a  experiment that involves three factors, A,B, and C. The response is the tensile strength of a material. After calculating the main effects, interaction effects, and running an ANOVA, the following results were found:     Factor   Significant   Effect     A   Yes   -10     B   No   -5     C   Yes   -10     AB   Yes   -35     BC   No   20     AC   No   -20     ABC   No   5       If we want to maximize the tensile strength of the material, which of these settings would you recommend for the three factors?
