Please upload your responses under Exam 2 Upload.
Which of the following would be an appropriate food for a three month old infant?
Escribe el equivalente de las palabras en ingles  Ella es ___ _____ (the youngest) del grupo. (there are two possible answers but you only have to put one)
?Cuantos anos tenia esta persona (de pregunta #6) cuando descubrieron que tenia cancer?    Please just write the digit - no need to spell out the number
You are making a presentation on the dangers of cocaine use. Which factor should you list as the MOST important consideration?
A nursing student is helping the nursery nurses with morning vital signs. A baby born 10 hours ago via cesarean section is found to have moist lung sounds. The best interpretation of these data is:
A short sale is a sale of only part of the whole property subject to a mortgage.
Great Britain repealed the Stamp Act in 1766, replacing it with these
A recent poll found that 70% of adult Americans believe that the overall state of moral values in the United States is poor. Suppose a random sample of 140 adult Americans is conducted in which they are asked if they believe the overall state of moral values is poor or not.  Give the mean and the standard deviation of the distribution. Leave answers exact and use correct notation. Use the normal approximation to the binomial to approximate the probability that exactly 90 of those surveyed feel the state of morals is poor. Provide a shaded sketch that is labeled appropriately as part of your answer. Use the normal approximation to the binomial to approximate the probability that more than 100 of those surveyed feel the state of morals is poor. Provide a shaded sketch that is labeled appropriately as part of your answer. Use the normal approximation to the binomial to approximate the probability that at most 95 of those surveyed feel the state of morals is poor. Provide a shaded sketch that is labeled appropriately as part of your answer.    You do not need to type anything for this question.
Often siblings and family members are pushing the use of the standard algorithm while students are learning invented strategies. What is the course of action for a teacher?
In-groups are groups toward which we feel ___________; while out-groups are groups toward which we feel ____________.
The price extension is equal to the:
Three servings of milk, yogurt, or cheese plus two servings of meat, poultry, or fish will adequately supply the recommended amount of protein for the pregnant woman. Many patients are concerned about the increased levels of mercury in fish and may be afraid to include this source of nutrients in their diet. Sound advice by the nurse to assist the patient in determining which fish is safe to consume or which fish to avoid includes:
Cytotoxic T cells are the Directors of the immune response.
Negate the following statement.  You do not have to show work. The students will not study for the test.
The skin that covers the lateral and proximal edges of the nail is the
You want the user to enter the length, width, and height from the keyboard. Which cin statement is correctly written?
EXTRA CREDIT: The representation of volumetric or planar variations in absorbed dose at different levels are depicted by means of
In bacterial meningitis CSF protein levels are expected to be decreased because the bacteria is using it up for energy.
Streeter Company produces plastic microwave turntables.  Sales for the 2021 year are expected to be 65,000 units in the first quarter, 72,000 units in the second quarter, 84,000 units in the third quarter, and 66,000 units in the fourth quarter.   Streeter's policy is to maintain a finished goods inventory at the end of each quarter equal to one half of the units expected to be sold in the next quarter.   However, due to a work stoppage, the finished goods inventory at the end of the first quarter of 2021 is 8,000 units less than it should be.   How many units should Streeter produce in the second quarter of 2021?
