Oliver slips and falls on Port Harbor's Tour Boat and is injured. Oliver files a suit against Port Harbor for $100,000. If the jury finds Oliver is 20 percent at fault and Port Harbor is 80 percent at fault, under the comparative negligence rule, Oliver would recover
__________ is not a measure of bank productivity?
Suppose there are two types of buyers (i.e., high-type and low-type customers) that differ in their willingness to pay for two different versions of a statistical software (i.e., Full Version and Scaled-Down Version). These customers appear in equal proportions in the population (for simplicity, assume there is one of each). Consumers purchase at most one unit of one of the versions, provided that the price does not exceed the maximum willingness to pay for the good. When making a decision about which of the two versions to buy, they compare consumer surplus from consumption and choose the version that gives greater surplus (any indifference is broken in favor of the Full Version). The following table presents the maximum willingness to pay for different types of goods by customer type:       Full Version Scaled-Down Version   High-Type $70 $45   Low-Type $45 $35      For simplicity assume there are no costs. Please answer below the following three questions: (a) (7 points) Suppose that the firm can identify the type of a customer. Find profits under first degree price discrimination (i.e., personalized pricing). Explain or justify your answer. (b) (6 points) Suppose that the firm cannot identify the type of a customer. What would be the optimal price charged by the firm and the total profit raised by the firm under uniform non-discriminatory pricing selling the Full Version only? Explain or justify your answer. (c) (7 points) Continue to assume that the firm cannot identify the type of a customer. Find profits under an optimal menu (second degree price discrimination). Explain or justify your answer.
What would happen if the capsular hydrostatic pressure were increased above normal?
Which of the following is NOT an objective of promotion?
Which problems might you expect to see in a patient who underwent anterior approach to cervical disc fusion?
Native Americans believe that there are two souls. They are;
What is the ploidy of the following structures: gametophyte, seed embryo, spore, sporophyte?
Using Figure 4.1, identify the following:The arrector pili muscle is represented by ________.
These two systems function in opposition to each other, acting like children on a teeter-totter (one will be up while the other is down).
A. (1)The story of the city mouse and the country mouse is one version of the age-old debate between the people who prefer city life and those who prefer country life. (2)In the city, there is always something to do. (3)But in the country, you can always find peace and quiet. (4)In the city, you are constantly exposed to new and different kinds of people. (5)On the other hand, in the country you are always among familiar faces. (6)These are the images we have. (7)The reality is less clear-cut. (8)Rural towns do have their night spots, and New York City does have places to escape to and be alone with your thoughts.A1. The main pattern of organization of the selection is
Parenchymal cells may be destroyed at doses over
Osteoblasts form the ____________ on the outside of the diaphysis of a developing bone and the ___________ inside the diaphysis and the epiphyses.
What would be the niche of a pine tree in a forest?
Which person would generally be treated as a material participant in an activity?
In the current tax year Rocky was nominated to receive an award for service to the local school system.  No action was required on his part, either to apply for the award or if he received the award.  When it was announced at a school board meeting that Rocky has been selected to receive the $1,000 award, he declined to accept the award.   Rather, he asked that the funds be given to the local United Way chapter, a qualified charitable organization.  Which of the following statements is true?
When a pointer on a screen turns into a spinning circle or an hourglass, the computer is busy performing a task.
Which of the following situations would describe a measure that consistently measures a concept in the same way, but does not do a good job of actually measuring the concept?
The tightness of binding between an antibody binding site and an antigen is known as
We did an activity where you looked at next steps for your chosen pathway, you either researched a school you would like to transfer to or discussed advise with your chosen mentor based on your chosen pathway. Based on that information, answer the following questions:  What were those next steps, and have you put in to action those plans? If so, tell me how in complete sentences. If not, tell me why in complete sentence?
