In a many-to-many association, the primary key of the created table consists of which of the following?
Suppose we fit a Gaussian mixture model for data consisting of x[?]R, using K = 2 components. We have 3 training data points: 5, 10, 30. We use the EM algorithm to find the MLE estimates of the model parameters. Suppose at some point in the EM algorithm, the E step assigns each point a score for the two clusters as following:     ri1 ri2   0.2 0.8   0.2 0.8   0.6 0.4    what's the mean m1 in the next M step of the algorithm?
When delivering bad news, it is not important to emphasize the positive because you don't want to give your audience the wrong idea.
Under variable costing, variable selling, and administrative costs are included in product costs.
2.2   Sure en basisse: Michelle en Dawie het drie bekers met verskillende vloeistowwe in gehad: suurlemoensap, water en 'n mengsel van water en koeksoda         2.2.1   Hulle het die eerste beker met rooi lakmoespapier getoets. Dit het rooi gebly. Kies die twee stowwe wat moontlik in beker 1 kon gewees het?   (2)
Which of the following molecules has hydrogen bonding as its only intermolecular force?
1.5   Hoe hoer die optiese digtheid van die medium is, hoe:   (2)
Which of the following is a disadvantage of a current assumption whole-life policy?
Order: Tricor 108mg po daily. Available: Tricor 54mg tablets.   How many Tablets would you administer?
Here are the scores of your 11 employees' customer service performance reviewed by loyal customers on a scale from 1 to 60 points. 20, 15, 26, 32, 18, 28, 35, 14, 26, 22, and 18. The Mean is 23, and the Standard Deviation is 6.  Upper management has decided that employees more than 1 standard deviation below the mean should be issued and documented a written warning regarding their poor performance during their upcoming annual evaluation. How many employees will be issued a written warning?
MARKING RUBRIC TO BE USED FOR THE ASSESSMENT OF A LITERATURE ESSAY     CRITERIA   Exceptional   Skillful   Moderate   Elementary   Inadequate         12-15   9-11   6-8   4-5   0-3     CONTENT    Interpretation of topic; Depth of argument; Justification and grasp of text    15 MARKS   14-15: Outstanding response 12-13: Excellent response; In-depth interpretation of topic; Range of striking arguments extensively supported from text; Excellent understanding of genre and text   Shows understanding and has interpreted topic well; Fairly detailed response; Some sound arguments, but not all as well motivated as they could be; Understanding of genre and text.   Mediocre interpretation of topic; Not all aspects explored in detail; Some good points in support of topic; Some arguments supported but evidence not always convincing; Partial understanding of genre and text.   Scant interpretation of topic; Hardly any aspects explored in detail; Few points in support of topic; Very little relevant arguments; Little understanding of genre and text.   Very little to no understanding of the topic; Weak attempt to answer the question; Arguments not convincing; Learner has not come to grips with genre or text.         8 -10   6- 7   4-5   2-3   0-1     STRUCTURE AND LANGUAGE  Structure, logical flow and presentation, tone and style in essay 10 MARKS    Coherent structure; Excellent introduction and conclusion; Arguments well-structured and clearly developed; Language, tone and style mature, impressive and correct   Clear structure and logical flow of argument; Introduction and conclusion and other paragraphs coherently organized; Logical flow of argument; Language, tone and style largely correct   Some evidence of structure; Logic and coherence apparent, but flawed; Some language errors; Tone and style mostly appropriate; Paragraphing mostly correct.   The structure shows faulty planning; Arguments not logically arranged; Language errors evident; Inappropriate tone and style; Paragraphing faulty.   Lack of planned structure impedes the flow of argument; Language errors and incorrect style makes this an unsuccessful piece of writing; Inappropriate tone and style; Paragraphing faulty     MARK RANGE   20-25   15-18   10-13   5-9   0-4
In the following image, what does G represent:
In fetal circulation, the ________ allows blood to travel from the right atrium to the left atrium.
What would you expect to happen to an athlete's resting stroke volume if they have been doing jogging daily for about 2 miles over the past year?
Pregnant women who have a child with a neural tube defect from a prior pregnancy or women who take anticonvulsant medications should take ____ of folic acid one month prior to conception through the first 12 weeks of pregnancy to prevent neural tube defects.
Responses to sympathetic activation are generally widespread because ________.
Male reproductive functions are controlled mainly by hormones from the hypothalamus and the
The nurse is caring for a client involved in a boating accident who was admitted to the hospital with a diagnosis of hypothermia. The nurse recognizes the patient's loss of body temperature occurred through which mechanism?
A babysitter explains she witnessed a child seizing and called 911 a minute after it started. What is the MOST common cause for a child to have a convulsion?
Which of the following examples demonstrates how successful organizations manage their primary activities?
