A truck rental is $25 plus $.30/mi.  a) Write a linear model that describes the situation.  b) Use your model in part a to find out how many miles Ken traveled if his bill was $50.20. In the answer box below, make sure you provide your answer to both part a and b.
Concisely but completely answer ONLY 1 of the 4 questions listed below. When answering, identify whether you are answering Choice A , B, C or D. (10 pts)   Choice A: With which continental landmass was the Florida basement terrain associated during the Paleozoic?  Briefly discuss at least 3 different lines of evidence (different kinds of data) that have been used to infer the post Rodinia, pre-Pangean origin for Florida's Paleozoic basement rocks, commenting specifically on how/why those data help establish Florida's late Precambrian/Paleozoic origins . Choice B: Discuss the rocks and/or geologic structures commonly associated with continental rifting environments and detail 3 different observations/characteristics/features of the geology of Florida basement rocks  (i.e. rock units/types and ages, geologic structures, etc.) that preserve evidence of the rifting of Pangea. Choice C: Discuss the geologic timing of the deposition of Florida's Carbonate Platform during the Mesozoic and the main conditions that led to and affected its formation.  Be sure to include in your discussion the MCSB and differences in carbonate deposition before and after that boundary, and the conditions that led to its formation. Choice D: Discuss the role of sea level change in affecting the Cenozoic sedimentation history of northern peninsular Florida during the Eocene through Pleistocene Epochs.  Associate the changes you discuss with specific times, geologic units and changes in the character of rocks and/or sediments.
Your patient is a 23-year-old female who is 30 weeks pregnant. She choked on some cheese while eating a piece of pizza. When asked if she can speak, she replies "yes," although with some difficulty. Your next step should be to:
Which of the following is NOT a reason why a solute would require facilitated diffusion?
The following figure shows the normal gene and two mutations.    Which of the following statements is true regarding the above mutations?
3. What case is the adjective Etruscorum?
What information is provided on the last page of an MLA formatted essay?
Which of these bones is NOT a long bone found in the leg:
In the first paragraph, what does shudder mean?         "The sight of a cockroach crawling across the floor makes most of us shudder, but in a disaster, roaches might prove to be our new best friends."
Lecture Test 3, Question 13 Please read this question carefully.  Suppose you are an ecologist and have plotted the following curve for a metapopulation. You have also determined that the equilibrium patch occupancy value/rate is 0.65.    The shape and position of this curve cannot be altered.  Which one of the following would result in a lower equilibrium patch occupancy (proportion of patches occupied)?
The process through which a person forsakes his or her cultural tradition to become part of a different culture.
This image shows ....... joint. Hint: this joint includes patella.
Saltation is the process by which streams dissolve soluble minerals and become saltier.
When solving a system of linear equations in three variables, you must start by selecting ONE variable to cancel from TWO pairs of equations (the same variable must be eliminated from two different pairs). For the system given below, explain CLEARLY which variable you would eliminate first, how you would eliminate that variable  and why that variable is the best choice. You must explain in detail why the variable you chose is a better choice than the other variables. In other words:(1) state WHICH variable you would eliminate first (x, y, or z)(2) explain HOW you would eliminate that variable from two different pairs of equations (so not just once, but twice) - don't do the math, just tell me(3) why is the variable you chose to eliminate the best choice (in other words, why are the other variables not as good of choices) Do NOT solve the system - simply provide answers to 1 to 3 above for the given system.   System:
Identify the developmental stage in the picture above.
If placed in tap water, an animal cell will undergo lysis, whereas a plant cell will not. What plant cell structure allows for this different?
According to the text, the need to consider sales, costs, profitability and turnover makes salesforce size a difficult decision.
Why might a narrator be described as unreliable?
What type of seizure do you suspect Randall has experienced?
All of the following are examples of fixed costs except:
