Using PICOT framework, analyze the abstract provided below and formulate the research question.  *Note: 'T' is optional; but 'PICO' parts are necessary.    **This is an example of an answer for this type of question: Population: Bariatric adolescents considering or undergoing gastric bypass surgery. Intervention: The nurse's role as a primary member of the multidisciplinary team regarding perioperative care of the bariatric adolescent patient. Comparison: The nurse's role as a secondary member of the multidisciplinary team without any specialized training and is only involved in perioperative care of the bariatric adolescent patient. Outcome: When the nurse is involved as one of the primary members in the multidisciplinary team approach, the bariatric adolescent patient has better continuity of care. Time: perioperative including the 6 weeks post-recovery. PICOT Question: Does the bariatric adolescent patient undergoing gastric bypass have better continuity of care perioperatively and postoperatively when the nurse is a primary member of the multidisciplinary team versus when the nurse is a secondary member whose only role is in providing perioperative care during 6 weeks post-recovery?   -------------------------------------------------------- AbstractImportance:  State decisions not to expand Medicaid under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act could reduce emergency access to acute care hospitals. Objective:  To determine the relationship between state Medicaid expansion and emergency access to acute care hospitals in the United States. Design, Setting, and Participants:  This cross-sectional study linked hospital-level data from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services from 2007 to 2017 to US Census data for all 50 US states and the District of Columbia. Geospatial analyses and difference-in-differences regression models were used to compare temporal changes in the size of the population without 30-minute access to acute care hospitals between 32 states that expanded Medicaid with the population without access in 19 that did not, before and after expansion. Analyses focused on the total population and those with low incomes; secondary analyses examined emergency access to safety-net hospitals. Exposures:  State-level Medicaid expansion. Main Outcomes and Measures:  Population without emergency access to an acute care hospital, defined as living outside a 30-minute drive of any hospital. Results:  States that did not expand Medicaid experienced an increase in the population without access to hospitals overall (without expansion: 6.76% to 6.79% [0.03%]; vs with expansion: 5.65% to 5.35% [-0.30%]; difference-in-differences, 0.33%; 95% CI, 0.33%-0.34%; P
What does the cat in this print symbolize?
Very young children are captivated by "busy" pictures in alphabet books.
Which of the following is a conducting zone structure?
While passing through a human cell, an x-ray photon interacts with and inactivates the cell's master molecule. What is the consequence for the cell?
Given the following commands executed from the command line, r = 2;h = 4;v = calc_volume(r, h) which variables in the following function are in the base workspace? function volume = calc_volume(radius, height) pi_est = 3.14; volume = 1/3*pi_est*radius^2*height;end
The case of an IV pump is touching the hot wire in a system. The ground wire for this IV pump is connected properly. There is no GFCI in the electrical system. There is a line isolation monitor. If the patient touches the IV pole the patient would likely recieve
Which of the following is a measure of statistical dispersion?
Common joint deformities seen in osteoarthritis. Select all that apply:
Brent has been diagnosed with terminal cancer. Today, he spent hours praying: "Please, I'll do anything. Just give me one more chance. I'm so sorry. I'll be the best person, just please give me another chance." Brent is MOST likely in the ____ stage of dying.
A patient who has to have an ileostomy should be told that his stool will be:
48. (11)  Name the structure:
24.2 CLA1; Chem 9.3 Which of the following is involved in Class B fires?
To decrease the risk for future hearing loss, which action should the nurse implement with college students at the on-campus health clinic?
The CPT code used for a cholecystectomy along with the modifer indicating that the physician provided only preoperative care, is which of the following
A paitent is admitted to the labor and delivery unit at 38 weeks gestation. She is having irregular contractions every 5-7 minutes. At 18 weeks gestation she had a Shirodkar cerclage procedure done. Which statement made by the nurse is most appropriate?
You can use MATLAB either through UF Apps or if you have student license downloaded version of it. Here is the link for UF Apps: https://info.apps.ufl.edu A block is defined as a square of side length 100 pixels. Each block has an interior black border 5 pixels thick, rest of the block is yellow (RGB = [255 255 0].  Given the number of blocks (n) in the base of a pyramid, write a program that displays a pyramid with n base blocks that is also n blocks high as shows in the test cases below. Your image output should have a black background. (Note that blocks are present next to each other without any distance in between and every block has an interior 5 pixels thick black border).  n = input('Enter the number of base blocks n: '); Test Case 1: Enter the number of base blocks n: 1  Test Case 2: Enter the number of base blocks n: 2  Test Case 3: Enter the number of base blocks n: 3  Test Case 4: Enter the number of base blocks n: 5  Test Case 5:  Enter the number of base blocks n: 10
The higher a person's position on the social class ladder, the more likely they will become a victim of crime.
What is the molecular geometry if you have 3 single bonds and 1 lone pair around the central atom?
________ refers to the removal of an amino group from an amino acid. One mechanism for this removal is ________, in which the amino group is transferred to an acceptor molecule.
