The mouse thymus normally contains about 1-2 x 108 thymocytes, the vast majority of which are CD4+CD8+ (double-positive) cells. When thymocytes from mice with a gene deficiency in the TCRa locus are compared with those from TCRb -deficient mice, a striking difference between the two different knockout lines is observed, as shown in the Figure in a simplified version of flow cytometry data. The numbers of thymocytes in each thymus is indicated below the plots.  What is the explanation for the difference in thymocyte subsets and cell numbers observed when comparing TCRalpha -/- to TCRbeta -/- thymocytes? (5 sentences or less)
Instructions: Read each of the following essay introduction. Select the method the writer used in each introduction. The essay below begins with a(n) Almost all of us have heard of the Amish, the religious sect that separates itself from the world and rejects modern conveniences and advanced technology. We imagine people wearing hand-sewn clothing and living in homes without refrigerators, dishwashers, televisions, and telephones. However, the Amish have been buying and using cell phones for years. They also use in-line skates, power-operated grass cutters, and gas grills for barbecuing. The Amish employ such conveniences when they do not interfere with family life. Cell phones, for example, are kept outside the home and are used for business purposes only. The Amish people look at every modern-day convenience and accept it only if it works to bring together, not drive apart, members of the family and community. -Wired, January 1999, http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/7.01/amish.html
Rene Cox works as a media officer in a global forest protection organization. Her job requires her to interact with a large number of people from the press with whom she needs to establish strong professional relationships. This requires her to remember a large number of people's names and the organizations with which they are associated. Which of the following dimensions of intellectual ability will best help her accomplish this task?
Marx believed that wealth was produced primarily by:
Con el pie izquierdo   Today is a terrible day for Manuela. Using the verbs in parentheses, write sentences that include the no-fault se to explain what happened Modelo: deje caer los vasos  en el piso. (caerse)
Most M&As increase the market value of acquiring firm.
Olivia is 16 years old and she and her mother scheduled an appointment with Dr. Powers because of their concern about an episode she had. Olivia described to Dr. Powers an experience in which she felt she was looking through a fog and her body seemed as if it was detached from her. Based on these symptoms, what disorder may Olivia be diagnosed with?
Mature bone cells are called:
What is the term for when a reinsurer further diversifies and engages in a reinsurance transaction with another reinsurer?
Primary functions of the large intestine include
Which of the following characteristics may reduce the likelihood that adolescents will become engaged in high-risk behaviors, such as substance abuse?
When we say that communication is a(n) __________, we mean that it consists of many interrelated parts.
Which forecasting method assumes that weather systems, like fronts, will move in the same direction and at the same speed as they have been moving?
You set out to study how dietary intake may affect learning and memory. Which of the following is your independent variable?
Which of the following social institutions introduces most innovations to society?
The _____ are the vessels draining blood from the head and neck.
A 14-year-old girl is seen by her pediatrician with complaints that she exhibits very slow healing of cuts and scrapes, and is small in stature. Your laboratory has ruled out any inborn error of metabolism and possible cancer. A deficiency of what trace element might be responsible for the stated symptoms?
An adult is swinging a small child by the arms, when the child suddenly screams and grabs his left arm.  It is determined in the emergency department that the radial head is partially dislocated.  What is this partially dislocated radial head documented as?
If you are performing the binocular subjective portion of the refraction and the patient can see all of the letters clearly after fogging with a +1.50, that means you have over plused the patient.
During assessment, the nurse observed this rhythm on the cardiac monitor. What action should the nurse take when caring for this patient? Select all that apply.
