El futbol y la industria del entretenimiento       Los deportes no solo estan entre los entretenimientos mas populares en el mundo, sino tambien entre las industrias mas lucrativas del planeta. Los aficionados a los deportes generan grandes ganancias (earnings) mediante los precios de las entradas a un estadio, la venta de productos con logotipos de los equipos y hasta con apuestas (bets).       Un deporte que genera pasion entre millones de personas es el futbol. Segun un informe de la Federacion Internacional de Futbol Asociado (FIFA), mas de 265 millones de personas practican este deporte a nivel nacional, incluyendo futbol masculino, femenil y juvenil. Ademas, la popularidad de este deporte sigue en aumento. En los Estados Unidos hay 24,4 millones de futbolistas, en Brasil mas de 13 y en Mexico 8,4.       Historicamente, en varios paises europeos se jugaron deportes parecidos al futbol durante toda la Edad Media. Se considera que el futbol moderno nacio en 1863, en Inglaterra, cuando se promovio en Londres un codigo (rules) de futbol universal aceptado por todos. El deporte se extendio primero por Europa, y luego por el mundo entero, llegando a tener gran popularidad en Latinoamerica. La FIFA fue creada en 1904 y la Federacion Sudamericana de Futbol en 1916, ano en que se creo La Copa America - el torneo internacional de selecciones mas antiguo. La primera Copa del Mundo se jugo en 1930 en Uruguay.       Aunque es cierto que los clubes de futbol alrededor del mundo y la FIFA dejan una derrama economica (earnings) muy importante, tambien es cierto que la FIFA y algunos clubes devuelven algo a la sociedad: Desde 1999 la FIFA trabaja con la UNICEF con propositos beneficos, aportando dinero para el desarrollo del deporte en zonas donde las carencias (lack, shortage) lo hacen dificil. Ademas, organiza partidos amistosos para recaudar (to gather) fondos de beneficencia. Muchos clubes deportivos realizan tambien sus propios eventos para ayudar a su comunidad. Asi, todos ganan con el deporte.   42. De acuerdo con la FIFA solo los hombres practican el futbol a nivel nacional.
When using muscle energy techniques, it is important to start at the end of the available range of motion.
A ____________ is a relationship between two variables that appear to have interdependence or association with each other but actually do not.
The cultural difference between China and the U.S. in their emphases on achievement and the impact on test scores is highlighted by the fact that parents and children in China tend to spend more time focusing on their ___ while U.S. parents and children tend to spend more time focusing on their ___.
The phytochemical lycopene occurs in
An isotope of an element contains 53 protons and 78 neutrons. What is the symbol of this isotope?
A 14-year-old presents at the clinic complaining that they have been having chest pain with accompanying shortness of breath and subsequent numbness in both arms. These events have occurred only at school prior to examinations and oral presentations. The patient states that they feel like they are going to "pass-out" during these events. The history and examination reveals a well, 14-year-old with no underlying family history of sudden cardiac death and no past medical history of underlying cardiac issues. What should the nurse practitioner explain to the patient and the parent about their symptoms?
A 52-year-old male was taken to the OR after a motorcycle accident with several fractures, some of them open and displaced, mainly in his right leg, arm, and foot including luxation of the right shoulder. He also has road rash abrasions in arms, and face. Based on your knowledge of blood disorders, which of the following must be considered as possible risk during the recovery in this patient?
5.7 ?Como se dice "sour" en espanol?       (1)
What type of splint uses the sam splint as a splint?
What type of image does a converging lens produce?
Which state was generally seen as the symbolic center of racism and violence in 1964?
Why did this poet (previous two questions) use sexual imagery?
Which of the following is true of business ethics?
"An at-will prerogative without limits can be suffered only in a/an __________, and there not for long; it certainly cannot be suffered in a society such as ours without weakening the bond of counter-balancing rights and obligations that holds such societies together."
All characterize urine EXCEPT:
When using the SBAR as a method of communication with the health care provider, the nurse includes which information in the "B" section of the conversation?
When describing the stages of an infectious disease, which stage is associated with most severe signs and symptoms and is the peak of disease?
What time did they show a music program?
This is the award for outstanding design in architecture
