The bladder collapses when empty.
Which sociocultural factors influence the development of Eating Disorders?
Prepare the problems below using Excel. Upload the workbook using the link.            1. (12 points) Herron Company produces and sells a single product. The company's income statement for the most recent month is given below:              Sales (8,100 units at $56 per unit)  $453,600    Less manufacturing costs:      Direct materials $69,800     Direct labor (variable) $81,000     Variable factory overhead $14,800     Fixed factory overhead $43,300 $208,900    Gross margin  $244,700    Less selling and other expenses:      Variable selling and other expenses $30,800     Fixed selling and other expenses $54,950 $85,750    Net operating income  $158,950            There are no beginning or ending inventories.            Required:            Calculations must be shown for full credit to be awarded.            a. Compute the company's monthly break-even point in units of product. Round to the next higher whole unit. (Hint: First convert the traditional income statement format to a contribution-approach format.)              b. What would the company's monthly net operating income be if sales increased by 18.0% and there is no change in total fixed expenses?             c. What dollar sales must the company achieve in order to earn a net operating income of $61,000 per month? What is the margin of safety in dollars and as a percentage, rounded to the nearest tenth of a percent?              d. The company has decided to automate a portion of its operations. The change will reduce direct labor costs per unit by 45 percent, but it will triple the costs for fixed factory overhead. Compute the new break-even point in units. Round to the next higher whole unit.                2. (12 points) Data concerning Murray Corporation's single product appear below:                Per Unit Percent of Sales     Selling price $250 100.00%     Variable expenses $45 18.00%     Contribution margin $205 82.00%             Fixed expenses are $1,209,600 per month. The company is currently selling 9,700 units per month.             The marketing manager would like to introduce sales commissions as an incentive for the sales staff. The marketing manager has proposed a commission of $18 per unit. In exchange, the sales staff would accept an overall decrease in their salaries of $157,800 per month. The marketing manager predicts that introducing this sales incentive would increase monthly unit sales by 14%.                 Required:            Prepare two contribution format income statements, one based the company's current revenue and expense structure and another based on the marketing manager's proposal. What would be the overall effect on the company's monthly net operating income of this change in (a) dollar increase or decrease and (b) percent increase or decrease? Round the percent to the nearest tenth of one percent. Show your work.
Bonus question:  Complete the following sentences by supplying the appropriate verb based on context.  You will get 1/2 point for each correct response so go for it!
Which of the following structures allows vascular plants to transport water from the roots up to other tissues in the plant?
Colleges have a serious problem with alcohol abuse among students, and its not getting any better. . . . Binge drinking--defined as the heavy, episodic use of alcohol--has persisted on campuses despite both a general decrease in alcohol consumption among Americans and an increase in the number of abstainers. Some people (including the author of a recent front-page article in The New York Times) have assumed that the latter two trends have translated into more moderate drinking on the campuses. Nothing could be farther from the truth.  Our recent research, which received support from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, was the only large-scale study to date of the extent and consequences of binge drinking at a representative sample of American colleges and universities. Our detailed findings from surveys of 17,592 students at 140 randomly selected four-year colleges were published in the December 7, 2014, issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association. . . . Our study found that 44 percent of all students in the sample were binge drinkers--50 percent of the men and 39 percent of the women. from "Too Many Colleges Are Still in Denial about Alcohol Abuse" by Henry Wechsler, Charles Deutsch, and George Dowdall, p. 943Which of the following sentences is correctly documented and avoids plagiarism?
A group of people bound by shared history and a commitment to share a future together, while supporting the development and well-being of individual members.
A baby is temperamentally very fussy and hard to comfort. He doesn't fall asleep easily and he doesn't adjust to new environments well. Mom and dad hold him a lot and don't take him out very much in the first few months of life. The parents' responsiveness to the baby's needs demonstrates
Convert 3.71 x 10 24 atoms of carbon to moles of carbon.
In the equation for an exothermic reaction, the word "heat"  or "energy" appears
Garvin Company is a retail store. Due to competition, it is having trouble selling its products. Thus, inventory has been building up. Garvin's current ratio has not changed for the past three years, in spite of the inventory build-up. Which of the following statements is true?
A balloon popped and made Bobby cry. It happened again when he was at a friend's birthday party. Now when Bobby sees a balloon, he starts to cry. According to the behaviorist perspective, Bobby cries in response to the balloon because of _____.
3.10   Name the type of phrase identified in 3.9 above.   (1)
INSTRUKSIES         1.   Jy word met  'n saamgeperste leer (zip file) voorsien. Regskliek op die knoppie hieronder om in 'n nuwe oortjie te open.   Laai die leer af en 'unzip' die leer; herbenoem die leergids met jou naam en van. Maak die toetsprojek in Delphi  oop. Jy sal die hele toets in hierdie projekvouer afle.         2.   Lees die vrae deeglik deur en moenie meer doen as wat gevra word nie.         3.   Probeer jou program saamstel (compile) en uitvoer (run). Dit beteken soms dat daar kommentaar op kodering sal wees. Jou kommentaar sal steeds gemerk word.         4.   Indien daar kodering is wat met kommenaar uitgehaal word, en ander wat nie uitgehaal is nie, sal die kodering sonder kommentaar gemerk word.      5.   Lees eers die hele vraag deur voordat jy met die kodering begin.         6.   Stoor u Delphi-leers as u klaar is. Klik op die stuurknoppie. (OF as hierdie vasvra outomaties ingedien word omdat u tyd opraak, STOP kodering en stoor.). 'n Tweede vasvra sal beskikbaar wees, maak dit oop. (Dit moet binne vyf minute na die indiening van hierdie vasvra gedoen word). Dan het u 15 minute tyd om u VOUER van u projek te zip en die leer in die nuwe vasvra op te laai. Daardie vasvra sal die punte kry as u toets nagesien is.
"Resident  Evil  Village".Substring(5,2) returns:
Metals are located where on the periodic table?
Which of the following structures of the vessel facilitates (aka is responsible for) vasoconstriction?
In mammalian cells, the accumulation of misfolded proteins in the ER results in the activation of three parallel pathways involved in mitigating defects associated with this event.  Identify one of the ER transmembrane proteins that function as the 'sensor' for this pathway.
A party's failure to perform his or her obligation of a contract is known as a____________?
What is the marketing mix component that creates primary value for the target market?
