Anxiety is a symptom that can result from all of the following physiological conditions except:
Preoperative Diagnoses: History of perforated sigmoid diverticulitis Postoperative Diagnoses: History of perforated sigmoid diverticulitis Procedure Performed: Exploratory laparotomy, reversal of Hartmann's colostomy Anesthesia: General Indications: The patient is a 67-year-old female, who approximately four months ago, had perforated sigmoid colon requiring Hartmann's procedure. She now presents to the operating room for Hartmann's colostomy reversal. I have discussed this with the patient preoperatively and she understands and wishes to proceed. Description of Procedure: The patient was brought to the operating room and placed on the operating table in supine position. General endotracheal anesthetics administered. Foley catheter was placed. The patient was placed in the Allen stirrups in the lithotomy position. There the abdomen and perineum were exposed, prepped and draped in sterile fashion. Midline laparotomy was re-incised from umbilicus down to pubis. Incision was carried through skin and subcutaneous tissue, as well as through midline fashion in the abdominal cavity. There is a mild amount of adhesions in her abdominal cavity, but these were taken down using sharp dissection. The area of the tissue leading up to the colostomy from inside the abdomen is freed up sharply. The skin level of the colostomy was incised circumferentially around the skin with skin around the colostomy and this tissue separate free from the subcutaneous tissue, muscle and fascia and the colostomy is reduced in the abdominal cavity. This does not require any additional mobilization of the more proximal descending colon, as this portion of colostomy was easily down at the pelvis and were actually able to resection about 8 cm of her colon going up into the colostomy. This portion of colon was cleaned up, transected, and then secured with purse string suture of 2-0 Prolene suture. The anvil of a 28 EBA device was delivered through this opening limb of the descending c:olon to prepare for anastomosis. There the pelvis was then addressed. The rectal stump was easily seen as it had been tagged with Prolene sutures. The rectal stump was freed up. Mesorectum was freed up and ad additional portion of the most distal sigmoid at the end of the upper rectum was taken to ensure that we were in to the upper rectum. This was transected with a TA-60 stapler. The EBA device was delivered trans-anally in the rectal stump. The spike was delivered through the rectal stump and secured to the anvil. The BEA device was closed down and fired creating 2 full-thickness donuts of tissue. This lays without undue tension. We actually insufflated air into the rectum with saline in the pelvis. There was no evidence of leak.  The areas of dissection were inspected. There were no bleeding points noted. After counts were correct, the abdominal contents replace and the midline fascia was closed. Prior of note is that prior to closing the midline fascia, the fascia, the ostomy site was closed by using figure-of-eight interrupted #1 Vicryl sutures. The midline fascia was closed using running #1 Vicryl sutures. Skin and subcutaneous tissue of the midline incision was closed. We irrigated and closed using surgical staples. The area of the ostomy site was packed with iodoform gauze. Sterile dressings were applied. The patient was then extubated without difficulty and transferred to recovery room in stable manner. The patient tolerated the procedure well.  Principal diagnosis: [dx1]Secondary diagnoses: [dx2]Principal procedure: [proc1]Assign MS-DRG: [msdrg1]
The formation of polymers is most precisely described as an example of
Which structure is NOT part of a triad?
How many different kinds of Amino Acids found in the human body?A) 20B) 30C) 40D) 50
AR is a 35 yof with Type 2 DM.  Her HgbA1C is 6.8%.  How would you describe her blood glucose control, based on her A1C?
Choose the answer that has these events of translation elongation in the proper sequence.   1. Peptide bond formation 2. Translocation of ribosome 3. Codon recognition at the A site
Economic efficiency involves deciding if something needs to be done when the market is not performing correctly.
A nurse is caring for a group of patients with COVID-19.  Which patient should the nurse anticipate may need oxygen replacement therapy?
Match the drug category to its description.
Which of the following is the MOST efficient way to communicate changes to a surgeon's preference card to the surgical technologist staff?
Paul's 3rd journey lasted 3-4 years.
Lord of the Flies Jack and his followers steal the conch and take it to Castle Rock.
On October 1, 20x0, Broadway Company borrowed $50,000 by signing a $50,000, 12%, 8-month note. Interest on the note is due on the maturity date.   Dr. [debit]     [amount1] Cr. [credit]     [amount2]
Oxycodone and Hydrocodone are A) Codeine derivatives B) Opioids C) Morphine derivatives D) B & C
What type of tissue cells are shown in the photo?
Which choice places the steps of intramembranous ossification in correct chronological order? a: Formation of lamellar bone b: Osteoid undergoes calcification c: Ossification centers form d: Formation of woven bone and its periosteum
A Defpoints layer is created when a dimension is drawn with which of the following variables set to on?
Which of the following does not form a diatomic molecule?
All the following statements about the Adams-Onis Treaty are correct EXCEPT:
