Bonus (2pt) List the three layers of the meninges.  Which one is the deepest?  Which one is most superficial?
Serif typefaces _____.
The nurse is implementing a care plan for an elderly patient who had a total hip replacement during this hospitalization.   The care plan includes a diagnosis related to the patient's mobility.  One of the goals is that the client will have improved mobility after discharge.  Which of the following would be an appropriate long term outcome statement for this nursing diagnosis?
What type of bias is present in the following example? A patient presents to the doctor with shortness of breath and frequent coughing. The doctor learned early on from the patient chart that they have been a long-time, regular smoker and believes that they have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Although the patient also mentions nausea, a symptom of COVID-19, the doctor believes this is unlikely and orders tests for COPD without asking further questions about COVID-19 exposure.
Relaxation of the diaphragm causes a negative pressure in the thoracic cavity and lungs during inspiration in humans.
In a natural, dynamically balanced ecosystem, herbivores generally do NOT overgraze because ___.
The population profile depicted below is based on actual data from a country. Based on the population information contained in the profile, what can you tell about this country?
Chemical compound has formula Mn3(PO4)2. The name of this compound is [x]. Molar mass is [y].
Ten minutes following administration of an antibiotic, the nurse assesses a patient to have edematous lips, hoarseness, and expiratory stridor. Vital signs assessed by the nurse include blood pressure 70/40 mm Hg, heart rate 130 beats/min, and respirations 36 breaths/min. What is the priority intervention?
You are a speech-language pathologist working with an early intervention program.  You have just been assigned to evaluate a 20-month old whose parent is concerned that the child has a vocabulary of only one word.  This child has had several ear infections.  You:
The nurse is identifying interventions for a client with a hearing deficit. What should be included in this client's plan of care? Select all that apply.
Following an acute bout of endurance exercise training, the increase in mitochondrial biogenesis occurs within _____ following the completion of the exercise session.
For Questions #6-#7, answer ONE of the TWO questions. Provide an explanation for why a high birthweight baby will have an increased risk for type 2 diabetes later in life.
Salinization of soil can be caused by all of the following except
A 6-year-old presents with petechiae and purpuric rash. The mother is concerned because the child had Chinese food for the first time last night and is worried that the lesions on the legs and buttocks are an allergic reaction to the Chinese food. Upon examination you note skin vasculitis: cutaneous purpura about 0 to 2 mm in diameter on the legs and buttocks along with warmth and swelling over the knees. You perform a urinalysis and note that there is hematuria and proteinuria.
The nurse is preparing to palpate the abdomen as a part of the physical examination. Which of the following steps is appropriate?
A patient asks what a do not resuscitate (DNR) order means. What should the nurse explain to the patient?
How many phonemes are in the word should?
A client with heart failure develops acute kidney injury (AKI). Collaborative care of the renal failure will be directed toward the goal of:
Malaria question part III A patient presents with a high fever, chills, and sweating that occur at 2-day intervals. The doctor diagnoses the patient with malaria. Because these symptoms have occurred for 3 weeks, the doctor determines the patient has been infected with the specific species of protozoan called Plasmodium falciparum. Based on your knowledge of malaria, how was Plasmodium falciparum most likely transmitted to the patient?
