A crank arm consists of a solid segment of length b1 = 80-mm and diameter d = 25-mm, a segment of length b2 = 140-mm and segment of length b3 = 40-mm as shown in the figure. Two loads P act as shown, one parallel to -x and another parallel to -y. Each loads P equals to 1.5-kN.    Based on above information: QUESTION 1.7: What is polar moment of inertia of the crank shaft (Ip)?  [Enter your answer in mm ]
Which part of hemoglobin carries oxygen?
Answer the question in a complete sentence using a direct object pronoun.  ?El profesor pone las peliculas en la clase?  a  e  i  o  u  n
The male reproductive system has two of all of the following organs except the:
Compared to rII mutants, T4 wild type (r+) phages are easy to select for. Why?
Which of the following is NOT true about 2.5/5GBaseT Ethernet?
What is a likely diagnosis of a patient that presents with: High blood pressure, rapid pulse, clammy skin, unintended weight loss, insomnia?
Which strategy is INCORRECTLY matched with its effect on ocean ecosystems?
On the given ECG identify the following #s.  (a) #1  (b) # 2  (c) # 3
6.3   Fix and fill in the missing punctuation for the following sentence. in the present the place is the Hotel Transylvania where monsters bring their families to vacation far from the frightening humans   (4)
In the simulation the Aw boiling point of nitrogen was 154 Aw.  What would be the temperature in kelvin?
Receptors that evaluate rotational motion are in the:
A patient is scheduled to undergo a gastric banding procedure. The patient asks the nurse "will I have to take a lot of vitamins after I have surgery?" What is the nurses best response?
A seed company has a test plot in which it is testing the germination of a hybrid seed. They plant 50 rows of 40 seeds per row. After a two-week period, the researchers count how many seed per row have sprouted. They noted that least number of seeds to germinate was 33 and some rows had all 40 germinate. The germination data is given below in the table. The random variable x represents the number of seeds in a row that germinated and P(x) represents the probability of selecting a row with that number of seed germinating.      x 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40   P(x) 0.02 0.06 0.10 0.20 0.24 0.26 0.10 0.02      Determine the mean number of seeds per row that germinated to one decimal place. Round to one decimal place as necessary.
Describe the typical means of transmission for Strongyloides spp.
The enzymes, common in glycolysis, that catalyze the addition of a phosphate group are _______________.
Why would it not make physical sense for our flywheel to be BIBO stable from voltage to angular position?
Sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) occurs when infants are sleeping and not eating. Therefore, the children are in a low blood glucose condition. It is now known that a significant number of SIDS cases are caused by a mutation in the gene that codes for fatty acyl-CoA dehydrogenase, the enzyme that catalyzes the first step in fatty acid b-oxidation (see question 34 for this reaction). If this enzyme is defective, energy from fatty acids is not available and gluconeogenesis is inhibited resulting in severe and life-threatening hypoglycemia (low blood glucose). Why is the infant hypoglycemic?
One point charge +Q is placed at the center of a square, and a second point charge -Q is placed at the upper-left corner of the square. It is observed that an electrostatic force of magnitude 2.0 N acts on the positive charge at the center. Now a third charge -Q is placed at the lower-left corner of the square, as shown in the figure. What is the magnitude of the net force that acts on the center charge now?
One serious economic problem under the Articles of Confederation was:
