Retention policies for the health information department depend on organizational retention policies that must be in accordance with local, state, and federal laws and regulations. These policies vary from institution to institution. In many instances, healthcare institutions may retain health records longer than the law requires. Which of the following statements best describes how the retention of records should be determined?
A patient is brought to the emergency department with a suspected intertrochanteric fracture.  The technologist should obtain an AP of the affected hip and:
According to the following reaction, what amount of Al2S3 remains when 20.00 g of Al2S3 (150.17 g/mol) and 2.00 g of H2O (18.02 g/mol)  are reacted?  Al2S3(s) + 6 H2O(l) - 2 Al(OH)3(s) + 3 H2S(g)
Which of the following is not related to the use of detention for juveniles?
A nurse is reviewing a new prescription for Ondansetron 4 mg PO PRN for nausea and vomiting for a client who is still experiencing issues with emesis. The nurse should clarify which part of the prescription with the provider?
Color vision is best in the _____, which is a pit in the middle of the macula.
Which of the following is the largest advantage to using a symbol table over an array?
Which of the following U.S. President ordered a complete remodeling the White House during his      administration?
This 29 year old male smoker is seen by a psychiatrist. The patient has had repeated unsuccessful attempts to stop smoking. An hour long hypnotherapy session is completed to help eliminate the need for smoking. What CPT code should be reported for this service?
Which of the following molecules do competent cells take up?
When Government spending and tax revenues are equal, then we have a
What test detects serologic incompatibility between donor RBCs and recipient serum?
Runoffs from land combined with airborne emissions make up how much of the global marine pollution?
The _____ attribute is used to identify the image file being inserted in a webpage.
An area with more plant diversity will also have more animal diversity.
The lymph node group that is commonly included in treatment portals for most head and neck cancers are the
1.  Foreign Currency Exchange (15 pts): You are the Treasurer at a U.S. multinational corporation.  Your firm just purchased some supplies from 3 different vendors in Japan, Germany and India and the contract with each supplier calls for payment to be made in the home currency of the supplier.  The Japanese supplier provided materials worth $50,000, the German supplier $100,000 and the Indian supplier $150,000.  Using the spot exchange rates below, determine how much you must pay each of these suppliers in their local currency.     Country/Currency   Exchange Rate     Japan - yen   Y=109.5314/$     Germany - euro   $1.2207/EUR     India - rupee   INR 72.4986/$       2.  Apple iPhone 12 - India & China Components (25 pts): Apple continues to be a top seller in the smartphone market with its popular iPhone product.  Apple's latest model is the iPhone 12.  Apple purchases its displays for the iPhone from suppliers in India and has all final assembly and testing completed in China. The company has recently completed a cost savings initiative on the iPhone 12 which resulted in a cost reduction on the entire iPhone by 3.5%. The cost of the iPhone 12 before the cost savings initiative was $475.  The display makes up 12% of the total iPhone costs and the final assembly and test 25% of the total iPhone costs.  The Indian economy continues to struggle and as a result, the company's foreign exchange broker is anticipating the Indian rupee will decrease in value by as much as 15% compared to the U.S. dollar.  Additionally, China continues to be under pressure to allow the yuan to free float and the Company believes if this is allowed to happen the yuan could increase in value compared to the U.S. dollar by as much as 20%.  How would a 15% depreciation of the rupee against the dollar and a 20% increase in value of the Chinese yuan versus the U.S. dollar impact total iPhone 12 costs?  Should the company be concerned all or part of the cost savings initiative would be wiped out by these exchange rate changes?  Show all your calculations supporting your position. 3.  Micca Metals Hedge (50 pts): Micca Metals, Inc. is a specialty materials and metals company located in Detroit, Michigan. The company specializes in specific precious metals and materials which are used in a variety of pigment applications in many other industries including cosmetics, appliances, and a variety of high tinsel metal fabricating equipment. Micca just purchased a shipment of phosphates from Morocco for 6,000,000 dirhams, payable in six months. Six-month call options on 6,000,000 dirhams at an exercise price of 10.35 dirhams per dollar are available from Bank Al-Maghrub at a premium of 2.20%. Six-month put options on 6,000,000 dirhams at an exercise price of 10.35 dirhams per dollar are available at a premium of 3%.  The spot exchange rate for the dirhams/$ is 10.20 and the six-month forward rate for the dirhams/$ is 10.07.  The U.S. six-month interest rate for borrowing (per annum) is 6.0% and the six-month interest rate for investing (per annum) is 4.0%.  The Moroccan six-month interest rate for borrowing (per annum) is 10.0% and the six-month rate for investing (per annum) is 8.75%.  Micca's cost of capital (WACC) is 10.25%. Compare and contrast alternative ways that Micca might hedge its foreign exchange transaction exposure.  Show all of your calculations for each alternative.  Make a recommendation to Micca's Treasury team and provide your rationale. 4.  Wenceslas Refining Company - Capital Budget (60 pts): S. based and privately owned Wenceslas Refining Company is considering investing in the Czech Republic so as to have a refinery source closer to its European customers. The original investment in Czech korunas would amount to K250 million all in fixed assets, which will be depreciated over ten years by the straight-line method with no salvage value. Dividends to Wenceslas will only be made when the Czech project reaches positive net income for a year.  When net income is positive for a year, 80% of net income will be repatriated as dividends to the United States.  After three years the subsidiary would be sold to Czech investors for $7,000,000. Unit demand is expected to be 300,000 in year 1 and then ramp significantly to 1,500,000 in year 2 and 1,800,000 in year 3.  Unit sales price is estimated to be K300.00 for years 1 & 2 and K280.00 for year 3.  Variable manufacturing costs are expected to be 50% of sales. Fixed costs are expected to be K30,000,000 in year 1 and grow by a 1.5% Czech inflation rate for years 2 and 3. The spot rate (K/$) at the time of the original investment is expected to be 31.00 and then anticipated to change in value over time according to purchasing power parity.  The Czech inflation rate was provided earlier at 1.5% and the U.S. inflation rate is estimated to be 2.3%. The Czech Republic corporate tax rate is 25% and the Wenceslas Tax Department has indicated that any annual dividends paid to Wenceslas from the Czech project will be subject to a 15% withholding tax, but no other taxes.  Wenceslas uses 12% as its weighted average cost of capital along with an 8% premium for international projects.  Additionally, the WACC for the Czech Republic project is estimated to be 32%.  Consider the investment by calculating the NPV and IRR from a project and parent viewpoint.  Is the investment attractive to Wenceslas Refining?  Explain your rationale.
Which of the following drugs is NOT a COX inhibitor?
All of the following are issues with using too much water from an aquifer except?
2. You have 2 organisms A and B; one is an obligate anaerobe the other is an obligate aerobe.  You have two plate media that these organisms can grow on.  How can you differentiate which organism is anaerobic and which is aerobic (4pts.)
