Simplify the power of i to i, 1, -i or -1.
The nurse is teaching parents how to prevent the spread of infectious disease. What is the priority health promotion strategy the nurse should recommend for all age groups of children?
Measures chances of occurrence of a disease over a period of time.
A RN testifies at trial where domestic violence is being investigated.  She has previously assisted with specimen collection and had assessed the victim.  This nurse is involved with what type of nursing:
The percentage of oxygen that dissolves in blood plasma is about
Riboswitches are folded RNAs that act as switches to turn protein synthesis on or off in response to ________.
Your first ventilation attempts for a child victim do not go in. The next step would be to put your hand under the neck and tilt the head back in  hyperextension to ensure an open airway.
The Florida Statutes and Administrative Codes are the only standards of practice that I must adhere to as a member of the Florida Surveying and Mapping Society.
Which of the following statement(s) concerning conversion costs is correct?
Part II: Analysis-- The following essay is an example of Rogerian argument at work.  Read the essay and analyze it in terms of Rogerian argument. This is an English class, so please utilize the conventions of Standard academic English in your response. Your analysis must explicitly identify parts of Rogerian and examples from the essay.  You should also give a brief evaluation and justification of the effectiveness of the letter in terms of conflict resolution.  (40 pts) The classical policy for use of smart phones is schools is that they are to be banned. This policy is normally school-wide a supported by both teachers and principals alike. By teachers smart phones are seen as educational derailers. I cannot say that this position is unwarranted. The Google Play (Andriod) and the iOS (Apple) stores are loaded with games and other apps that grab the attention of kids.     These distractions find their way into the classroom following the same process every time. First the kids sit down in class ready to listen and learn, this is what teachers want to see. But slowly as the lecture drags on their mind drifts and eventually finds its way into their pockets and backpacks where their phone awaits. This is when teachers see kids looking down into their lap or positioning their binders into peculiar ways. No doubt this is frustrated for teachers. Now they have to make the decision to let it go and continue on or call the student out and either take their phone or give a verbal warning that encourages the student to leave their phone in its designated wait-till-class-is-over resting spot. Usually it is the latter. Afterall if teachers allow one student to use their phone then the next thing the teacher will see after the turn around from writing on the board is a room full of bowed heads. Why would teachers go through all this trouble planning classes, making assignments, and lecturing if there is going to be no one to listen to it? So if a teacher takes phones and gives warning they will be rewarded with a more alert and focused class, at least temporarily. Unfortunately students are becoming more and more restless to use their phones nowadays. So what are we to do? Have teachers give warnings to students every 5 minutes and fill a drawer full of phones. This would not be good for anyone.  The students would be distracted by these constant interruptions and teachers might get side-tracked giving these verbal warnings. What classrooms need is a more interact for kids so they can concentrate. Maybe this is where we revisit our strict "No cell phones" policy. Why not use the enemy to our advantage? Instead of making cell phones into a taboo in the classroom we should encourage the use of them in some classroom activities. Smart phones could be used in engaging activities and classroom games. Smart phones also allow for instantaneous feedback from students on their comprehension of topics by using "stoplight" apps or polling apps. Polling apps are useful for in class pop-quizzes. If a teacher wants to see if the students are understanding the concepts, the teacher can ask a question and have the student's poll anonymously. Teachers who have been using smartphones in their classroom have seen in increase in engagement. Alexia Forhan says, "You really get away from the photocopying and pen and paper. This type of teaching definitely keeps (students) engaged" (Shane, 2012).  However there are other benefits also to allowing kids to use smartphones in the classroom. Smartphones have web-access can have a lot of benefits. For example kids can download and submit assignments online on their smartphone. This means no more homework excuses like "my dog ate it" or "maybe you misplaced it." Additionally kids can use this smartphones for on the spot learning. Imagine a time when the students wanted to know something and no one knew the answer. Smartphones can be an easy way to keep creative conversation going and encourage critical thinking.  Finally having internet access at your fingertips allows for kids to not only look up information in text (which is more likely to be up-to-date information than a text book that is several years old) but also see pictures and watch videos on the topic.  Smartphones benefits in regards to their education also can extend to outside of the classroom and even school for that matter. With shared calendars students can look ahead and see when papers are due and what is planned on a certain day of class. And apps like Blackboard allow students to keep track of their grades and download notes, assignments, and other information. In a study by Dunn in 2012, it was discovered that students who use smartphones for school study approximately 40 minutes more a week than those who do not.  So not only is it easier to do the homework, it is also more likely the students will. But do these smartphones help with grades? Well in another study by Freeman(2012) it was found that in a students in Carolina schools who started using smartphones saw a 30% increase in test grades after one year as compared to their fellow students. That is a big deal. If that study was not enough another study compared a smartphone using math class to five other classes and found that the smartphone class had the greatest success (Norris, Hossain, & Soloway ,2011).  Now let's talk about the benefits for kids. Instead of having to look through their books to find an answer to a question they can simple look the answer up online. Now this may not apply to all situations and I am not saying we should get rid of books completely. I am also not advocating for taking away reading assignments. Afterall, reading is a very important part of learning but when implemented in the right way the student can save time by using their phone for homework while also doing reading (which may even be online through an online textbook). Finally it is good for kids to understand and get used to modern technology as it is a big part in a world where technology is constantly changing. There are also some obvious roadblocks in the system that would have to be dealt with. For instance it would be smart to find a way to prevent kids from using their smartphones for texting and games. A possible solution could be to only have designated time to use their phones which would be during engaging activities where the student would not be able to use their phone for other things. I think once these issues are met though it would be beneficial for teachers to have such a powerful learning tool on their side and for students to be more engaged and possibly even have fun learning. Teachers would not have to worry (as much) when they see a smartphone out and students may learn better from seeing pictures and videos on the topic. Smartphones are going to become more and more prominent in schools as the years progress, so it is important that we find a way to control them and I believe the best way to do that is by turning them into a learning tool.
The figure to the right shows two vectors,
Label as Q-XY on your paper. (7 min.) You must show all your work for this problem on your paper.  You must show starting variables, starting equations, and use one step equation dimensional analysis where applicable.  In addition to showing you work on paper, you must state you final answer(s) here with units.  Failure to do so will result in zero credit regardless of your work on paper. Consider the reaction below:  2 XY (g)  -  2 X (g)  +  Y2 (g) For this second order reaction, the rate constant is 0.9880 M-1s-1 at 70. degrees C.  A) Starting with a concentration of 0.7741 M, calculate the concentration of XY after 600.0 s. B) Calculate the half life when the concentration of XY at time zero is 1.0510 M. Type final answers with appropriate letter.
At which step in the diagram are gametes being formed?
What is the main difference in hearing and listening?
Change to _____ view to display a document in a format for easy viewing and reading.
Imaging reveals a collection of fluid in the pelvic portion of the peritoneal cavity of a 39-year-old female. To sample the fluid, a sterile needle is introduced into the peritoneal cavity by piercing the wall of the posterior vaginal fornix. Properly placed, the tip of the needle should be in which part of the peritoneal cavity?
The chart speed of this ECG is 25 mm/sec.       Calculate the R-R interval.  [A] Calculate the heart rate. [B] Include proper units in your answer.
In William Jennings Bryan's famous Cross of Gold Speech, the famous orator used biblical imagery to highlight the _____________________ conflict?
Which U.S. Supreme Court case dealt with the forced medication of incompetent defendants?
Match each of the following 1H NMR spectra to one of the molecules below and fill in the blank with the correct number. You may explain your answers for partial credit. NMR A corresponds to molecule [a] NMR B corresponds to molecule [b] NMR C corresponds to molecule [c]
