A 48-year old female with Type 2 Diabetes presents for a routine follow-up visit. She is currently prescribed metformin 1000 mg twice daily. Her A1C today is 7.5%. The nurse practitioner discusses with the patient the need to add an additional medication in order to help her achieve her A1C goal. The patient states she has been trying to lose weight but is having a difficult time. She would like a medication that could help reduce her A1C and also assist with weight loss. The nurse practitioner considers prescribing which of the following medications?
The assumption that a man would work to support his family while his wife would stay home to care for their children would be an example of:
A home care nurse goes on a visit and is concerned about the client.  The nurse calls the client's primary care provider, saying "This is Mary Smith, and I am calling to report on your patient Mr. Adam Jones, who is having issues with deep breathing today.  Mr. Jones was discharged last week from the hospital with a diagnosis of pneumonia.  His pulse is 103, respiratory rate 22, saturations 92, blood pressure 126/84. The problem seems to be that the antibiotics are not resolving the pneumonia. I think he needs to be re-evaluated in the clinic."  In this communication, which part represents the "A" of the "SBAR"?
When officers of firms in an industry get together to discuss how they can improve their mutual well-being, the result is
One important consideration for data visualization is picking a visualization technique that matches your business objective and also matches the type of data you want to visualize. What is the minimum requirement for types of variables to build a Box & Whiskers Plot for comparison across groups?
Carbon monoxide (CO) is a colorless, odorless gas that occurs in cigarette smoke, engine exhaust, and fumes from furnaces and space heaters. Carbon monoxide competes with _____ for the same binding site located on the _____.
The total number of valence electrons in the acetic acid molecule (CH3CO2H) is ________.
Read the essay below and answer the questions that follow. The Selfie Trend A 2016 study reported that 93 million selfies--the photos people take of themselves on their smartphones--are taken every day. And that number continues to grow. People take selfies at work, at home, and at famous sites; in short, they take selfies almost anywhere. Most of these photos end up on social media sites, where friends and family can see them. What is the impact of these millions of photos? Most of the time, selfies are an entertaining way to share experiences. However, recent research suggests that the effects can sometimes be negative. First, posting selfies online could pose a privacy risk. Selfies usually include a lot of features that can identify the photographer. If a person takes a selfie in front of his or her house, it might include the address. New facial recognition software may be able to identify people just from their faces. If the photo includes the photographer's hand, some software may even be able to get a fingerprint from it. In other words, photographers may be sharing more information than they meant to. This is information that other people could use in a negative way. Recent studies suggest that taking and posting a lot of selfies may cause psychological harm. When people take selfies, they become more aware of themselves and how they look. That could be a good thing. However, when people do not like what they see in the selfie, they often take more and more photos, trying to get a photo that makes them look perfect. This search for perfection can result in a decrease in confidence. The study reported that some people begin to feel bad about themselves when they take a lot of selfies. Selfies can also affect relationships. Taking a few selfies here and there can improve relationships. Posting these photos can help friends stay in contact with each other. However, when people post too many selfies, the effect can be the opposite. Their friends may begin to feel annoyed because it seems as if the person is too self-centered, which can create problems in the friendship. Finally, taking selfies can sometimes cause physical harm. This happens when people try to take selfies in dangerous places. They want to impress their friends with a photo from the top of a tall building or by the side of a busy road, for example. Sometimes they pay more attention to the photo than to their own safety. Between 2011 and 2018, more than 250 people died while trying to take a selfie. Many more were injured. Sometimes it is better just to enjoy a beautiful place and put the phone away rather than try to take an impressive selfie. Taking selfies is popular, and it is not likely that people will stop taking them. In fact, it is likely that the number of selfies will increase. However, people who take selfies should be aware that their effects can sometimes be negative. They should be careful where and how they take their selfies and pay attention to how many they post. With this awareness, they can keep the selfie trend positive and fun.   What kind of hook does the writer use? [a1] What is the thesis statement? Write it here: [a2] Does the writer tell about causes or effects? [a3] What are the three points of development? List them here: [a4] How does the writer organize the essay: by category, by chronological order, or by order of importance? [a5]
?Si? ?Las bebidas? (9) _______ voy a servir ahora mismo.
Lactic acid fermentation in muscle cells will take place when oxygen is in very low supply.
When treating a urinary bladder using a 4 field box type of treatment, the superior border on the AP/PA port would be
Which hormone is not involved in the female development/reproductive process?
Cost of goods (or merchandise) available for sale minus ending inventory is referred to as:
Write your answers on your work paper and also write them below, labeling  A), B), C), D)
Bates provided what is considered to be one of the most important early contributions to studies of evolution when he wrote a paper where he used natural selection to explain
Grouping jobs into manageable units according to some reasonable scheme is known as
Which in the following list of atomic orbital designations is impossible?
What is the nursing responsibility after a patient has a Barium Swallow or UGI series to ensure GI clearance of the barium?
A nurse is auscultating a client's chest for breath sounds.  The nurse recognizes that which of the following is the strongest stimulus to breathe?
In order for a contract to be rendered unconscionable, it must have either procedural or substantive unconscionability, but not both.
