(Q001) The Texas executive branch has similarities to the federal executive branch. The governor, like the president, is the chief executive. The governor is the commander in chief of military forces in the state, has the power to appoint people to various administrative offices, and is responsible for making sure that the laws are faithfully executed. But unlike the president and vice president, who run on the same ticket, the governor and lieutenant governor are elected separately. Moreover, the governor does not have a cabinet that he or she appoints and controls. The secretary of state is appointed by the governor, but the comptroller, the attorney general, the land commissioner, and the agriculture commissioner are all elected separately. We call this a plural executive system because executive power is divided among different officeholders. Current Governor Greg Abbott, Attorney General Ken Paxton, and Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick are just a few of the people that today make up Texas's plural executive.Many other states follow the federal model or single executive model, so that the governor and lieutenant governor are elected to office together. The governor then appoints all of the relevant officeholders to run the executive branch. In these instances, the attorney general, the secretary of state, the agriculture commissioner, and all other "cabinet" officials are appointed by the governor and serve at his or her pleasure.Advocates of the plural executive model argue that a decentralized system of power within the executive branch helps guard against abuses of power. The Texas Constitution intentionally provides for a weak governorship, and the plural executive is one way to guarantee this. If the attorney general and other statewide officials are not beholden to the governor, they will not necessarily support the governor's agenda. Supporters of the Texas model also argue that it is more democratic in that the electorate has a larger role to play in the selection of executive officers.Opponents of the plural executive model argue that it makes it difficult for the governor to govern effectively and creates a counterproductive tug of war among all of the separately elected officials. In the federal model, the president can decide who is best suited for a particular role and delegate power accordingly. The Texas governor, on the other hand, cannot give orders to the lieutenant governor or the attorney general, thus making it more difficult to run the state in a responsible manner.In Texas's recent past, Republican governor George W. Bush had to work alongside Democratic lieutenant governor Bob Bullock in order to pass his legislative agenda. Some observers saw this forced cooperation as a positive effect of the plural executive, because it required compromise for the good of the state. Opponents of the plural executive might have seen it as a negative effect, because it undermined the power of the governor to implement his agenda. Each form of governance has its benefits and its costs for democracy.Is the plural executive more democratic than the single executive model? Does it lead to more efficient and accountable government? Why or why not?
This structure produces _____________.
The hip adductor that inserts most superiorly on the femur is:
Which of the following processes must take place for successful fertilization in most species?
La gente [dropdown1] a ver el concierto. (venir)
The most important element of culture is ____.
Which of the following statements is True about the menstrual cycle?
Which of the following is NOT correct regarding Feminist theory?
Preganglionic fibers of the autonomic efferent pathway are _________ and secrete __________.
Which of the following conditions is defined as a loss of bone density?
?De quien es? Marta is unable to identify the owners of some items left in the Spanish classroom. Eugenia knows who owns the items. Answer the questions to explain who owns the items. Follow the model. For your reference: a e i o u u n // A E I N O U U // ? ? // ! ! MODELO:  ?De quien es el libro de espanol? (el hermano de Jared) El libro de espanol es del hermano de Jared.   1. ?De quienes son los diccionarios? (los tios de Esteban) [word1]. 2. ?De quien es el reloj? (Maria) [word2].
Write a JavaFX GUI program with file name LastnameFirstnameExam5.java that meets the following requirements and adheres to the layout included sketch.  Must set the title of the window to be "1331 Exam 5 - YOURNAME", where YOURNAME is replaced with your first and last name. Must include some non-editable text at the top to the window (not the title) with a short phrase of your choosing. Change the text font to either Georgia, Papyrus, Courier New, or Comic Sans MS; it cannot be the default font. Font size should be 12. Must include a plain Button.  The button must toggle the color of the shape between Color.BLACK and your favorite color.  Make sure this color is still visible in the UI (i.e. the color should be dark enough to be seen).   Must include one of the following shapes:  Circle, Rectangle, Polygon, Ellipse, or Arc. The shape can be a color of your choosing, but make sure this color is still visible in the UI (i.e. the color should be dark enough to be seen). Must include a select one-of-many button group to control the alignment of the shape displayed. There should be 3 alignment options for Left, Center, and Right.  Hint: StackPane has a setAlignment method. You may place this group beside or below the shape.  In order to actually see the alignment change you will need to ensure that your window/stage is large enough. So, you need to set the size of your stage to be large enough to see the change proportional to the the size of your shape. A good ratio is to make the window 3 times the width and height of the Shape. To do this you can use the following methods: stage.setMinWidth(X); and stage.setMinHeight(Y);   Must use a Spinner UI control that will control the scale of the shape.  The Spinner should have a minimum value of 0.1, maximum value of 2.0, initial value of 1.0, and a step amount (i.e. amount to step by) of 0.1 Hint: Make sure to set the scale of both the X and Y dimensions using setScaleX and setScaleY Another Hint: Look closely at Spinner's constructors to find one that allows for configuration of the min/max/init/step values on creation of the Spinner to make your life easier. Yet Another Hint: There are several ways to implement the event handling, we recommend using the setOnMouseClick method that is available to any Node   You must use at least one of the following children of Pane to control the layout of the Nodes: BorderPane, GridPane, HBox, or VBox. You must implement your event handling at least two of the three ways we taught: named inner class, anonymous inner class, and lambda expression.  For example, at least one handler as an anonymous inner class and at least one handler as a lambda expression. Failure to implement handlers in two different ways will result in the loss of points.   Points may be deducted if your layout deviates greatly from the one shown below. However, you do not need to have a border around the pane containing your shape nor around the shape itself. You may place the one-of-many button group below or beside the Shape.  YOUR SHOULD ONLY SUBMIT A SINGLE JAVA FILE. ENSURE THAT ANY OTHER CLASSES YOU INCLUDE EXIST WITHIN THE SAME FILE. IF YOUR SUBMITTED CODE DOES NOT COMPILE, YOU WILL RECEIVE A ZERO. SAVE, BACKUP, AND TEST OFTEN! The following is an example layout for your UI, but as long as you meet the requirements stated above the layout is flexible:
(For undergraduates enrolled in EML4930) A uniform bar of mass m and length L is free to slide on the frictionless wall and floor. Assuming the bar stays in contact with both the wall and floor, find the equations of motion using Lagrange's equations in terms of the generalized coordinate q, the angle the bar makes with the floor.
Boys with externalizing forms of E/BD outnumber girls with externalizing forms of E/BD by about five to one.
MULTIPLE CHOICE.  Use the vectors in the figure below to graph the following vector.z - v
The production of acetanilide(C8H9NO) involves the treatment of aniline(C6H7N) with acetic anhydride(C4H6O3).  This reaction produces an amide called acetanilide(C8H9NO) and the byproduct acetic acid (C2H4O2).  The reaction is as follows: aniline        +         acetic anhydride         --------->      acetanilide             +          acetic acid C6H7N                          C4H6O3                                      C8H9NO                               C2H4O2 molar mass C6H7N = 93.13g/mol              molar mass C4H6O3 = 102.09g/mol molar mass C8H9NO = 135.16g/mol         molar mass  C2H4O2 = 60.05g/mol Since aniline(C6H7N) is a liquid, conversion from milliliters to grams will yield the equivalence of 4.000 grams of aniline(C6H7N). Calculate the theoretical mass of acetanilide(C8H9NO) produced when the mass of aniline(C6H7N) used in the reaction equals to 4.000g. The reaction goes 100% to completion and aniline(C6H7N) is the limiting reagent. Select the best choice. (*hint: reaction balanced?)
86. Cystic fibrosis (CF) may affect multiple systems of the body.  The primary factor responsible for multiple clinical manifestations is which of the following?
A political pollster wants to examine the difference in levels of approval between men and women for the government action of "bailing out" failing large banks. The pollster suspects that a higher proportion of men than women favor the bailouts. Select a null hypothesis and an alternative hypothesis to test this belief at the a = .05 level of significance.  Your answer will be a double (Ho, Ha), save this answer.
Two tiny particles carrying like charges of the same magnitude are 1.0 mm apart. If the electric force on one of them is 5.0 N  what is the magnitude of the charge on each of these particles?(k = 1/4pe0 = 9.0 x 10^9 N [?] m2/C2)
Identify the part of the organ indicated by the arrows.
