1 + MPS = MPC
water at the rate of 225 kg/hours is to be heated from 350C to  950C by means of a concentric tube heat exchanger.  Oil at a rate of 225kg/hr with specific heat of 2095 J/kg.K and temperature of 2100C is to be used as the hot fluid. If the overall heat transfer coefficient based on the outer diameter of the inner tube is 550 W/m2.K, determine the length of heat exchanger if the outer diameter of the tube is 100 mm.
Articulation and Resonance - Match the term with the description:
According to UHDDS, define and give an example of a comorbid condition and a complication
Express as a single logarithm in simplest form. ln 72
1. A pediatric client has undergone a myringotomy.  Which activity could the client safely perform while healing is occurring?
Will a graded potential of -67 at the axon hillock of neuron likely trigger an action potential?  Explain your reasoning.
Which of the following are solutions of the equation:
Two different simple harmonic oscillators have the same natural frequency (f=4.00 Hz) when they are on the surface of the Earth. The first oscillator is a vertical spring and mass, the second is a pendulum. If both systems are moved to the surface of the moon (g=1.67 m/s2) what is the new frequency of the vertical spring and mass (in units of Hz).
A male silkworm moth locates a female at a distance by
Landon contributed $500,000 to an irrevocable trust and did not retain any right to the trust's assets. The income beneficiary of the irrevocable trust was Landon's sister, and the remainder beneficiary of the irrevocable trust was Landon's niece. At the time of the transfer, Landon paid gift tax of $35,000. Landon died four years later, when the value of the irrevocable trust was $1,200,000. With regard to the irrevocable trust, how much is included in Landon's gross estate?
Hair cells that function as hearing receptors are located within the ________.
Provide the reagents necessary to complete the following transformation.
22.  The use of high-frequency sound waves to record echoes on an oscilloscope and film is:
Refer to the representation of DNA replication above.  The structure labeled "E" is:
Answer 1 of the following    Describe the biotic and abiotic factors that shape a tropical rain forest.    Describe the biotic and abiotic factors that shape a desert.    Describe the biotic and abiotic factors that shape the taiga    Describe the biotic and abiotic factors that shape a coral reef.    Describe the biotic and abiotic factors that shape the chapparal    Describe the biotic and abiotic factors that shape tropical and temperate grasslands.
The US spends more per person on healthcare than any other country in the world
Name the types of hunting that were covered in class.
Put the following events of the neuromuscular junction in the order in which they occur.  Action potential is propagated in the sarcolemma. Acetylcholine binds to  gated sodium channels. Action potential arrives at the neuromuscular junction. Vesicles full of acetylcholine are stored at the axon terminal. Acetylcholine is released into the synaptic cleft.
An ethanol plant uses corn as the raw product, and produces ethanol and DDGs (distiller's dry grain) of the corn crushing process. Assume the normal yield of crushing from 1 bushel of corn is 2.8 gallons of ethanol and 17 pounds of DDGs. The current futures prices for corn, ethanol and DDGs are ($/bushel), ($/gallon) and ($/short ton), respectively, and cost of crushing is C ($/bushel).  What is the so-called "corn crush spread"?
