Read about Linda, then decide if the statement is TRUE or FALSE.  Linda es de Venezuela, pero sus padres son espanoles. Linda y sus hermanos asisten a la universidad en Caracas. Linda es muy buena estudiante. Ella desea ser una doctora importante. Su hermano mayor, Carlos, tambien estudia para ser doctor. Fabian, su hermano menor, desea ser artista. Ellos viven lejos de la universidad. Por suerte (luckily), comparten un auto grande. Linda comparte un auto con sus hermanos.
True or false? Alcohol is a causative factor in cirrhosis of the liver and liver cancer (hepatocellular carcinoma).
A nurse is caring for a child in traction, Which of the following actions should the nurse take? (Select all the apply)
A patient with a liver tumor is admitted to the medical unit. The nurse reviews the labs and finds the C reactive protein (CRP) is increased. The nurse is aware that this value is related to which of the following?
From the Honorlock Student Information, these are important items: Pick all that apply:
You have been given an aqueous extract of the hull of a new peanut variant. The extract visually appears purple. When the extract is analyzed by a spectrophotometer, you should expect to find absorption peaks in what range?
Replacement of left breast tissue expander with breast prosthesis (permanent). Report code _____.
Which of the following term refers to the stimulus that creates an automatic response in an organism? (In the Pavlov's dog scenario, it is the meat powder).
Which of the following statements concerning anatomic position is CORRECT?
Using the Figure match the following with a LETTER: PECTINATE MUSCLES
Fetal free-cell DNA (cfDNA), referred to as noninvasive prenatal testing (NIPT):
Which of the following is NOT one of the typical qualifications to become foster parents?
In choosing a type of anesthetic for your procedure, which three things do you take into account?
Which type of virus could be directly used for translation?
Which of the following would only be found in plants during mitosis?
Your patient has been diagnosed with a latex allergy. You know education has been successful when the patient informs you that they will avoid what foods due to risk of latex-food syndrome? Select all that apply:
Kris is conducting a Family Impact Analysis on the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) policy. He wonders if the policy is equally available and respectful to all types of families, since he knows that every family is different and unique. Which family principle is he investigating?
A movement of the forearm in which the palm of the hand is turned from posterior to anterior is ______.
Individuals with Down syndrome have additional health concerns due to being at a higher risk of developing certain ailments. Which of the following are individuals with Down's NOT at high risk of developing?
Following is a list of actions and a list of moral theories.  For each action, pick the moral theory which would most likely deem the action morally right.  Some answers will be used more than once.  3 points each.
