A 26-year-old female medical student who has no neurological or psychiatric problems undergoes genetic testing to determine the status of her FMR1 gene. Several of her maternal relatives, including her mother, have documented symptoms of Fragile X Syndrome or Fragile X Ataxia Tremor Syndrome. Test results reveal that the repeat number (n) for alleles 1 and 2 are 40 and 168 respectively. Which of the following options most accurately interprets the test results?       A She has Fragile X syndrome and should seriously consider another occupation as she will never be able to practice medicine competently.   B She has inherited one FMR1 premutation allele, but given that she currently has no symptoms by the age of 26, it is most likely that she will never develop the disease   C These test results are inconclusive and therefore her 50/50 risk of inheriting the disease allele from her mother has not been modified by the test.   D She is an asymptomatic individual who inherited an FMR1 premutation  allele and will likely develop symptoms of the disease if she lives long enough.   E She has inherited an FMR1 premutation allele. Although she won't be affected, her children might develop Fragile X symptoms.
When performing surgery on diabetic patients, name 1 condition the must be prevented
Why is it important for permission to be gained before marketing by email or mobile to a prospect?
Typically, what is the relationship between species richness and latitudinal gradient (lower latitudes are closer to the equator and higher latitudes are closer to the poles)?
Which of the following tests is not necessarily the best test for small sample sizes?
Which of the following is not a special sense? (10)
Below are some of the descriptive statistics from the restaurant idea survey.  What is the central tendency for the Age Range data?
Where would you expect to find red bone marrow in an adult patient?
A Perfectly Competitive firm chooses to shutdown in the short run. This firm will:
What is the term we used in class for the process by which mRNA is copied into a protein?
Your friend, Thomas, had a serious adverse reaction to an over-the-counter medication and found that a number of other individuals had similar adverse reactions. Which agency is most likely to investigate this situation and take action if a problem is found?
in which river was the Chinese civilization originated?
Where is the electron transport chain of photosynthesis located?     a.     cristae     b.     mitochondria     c.     chloroplast stroma     d.     thylakoid membrane     e.     outer chloroplast membrane
Boys often meet the diagnostic criteria for CD by age:
The water pressure (measured in atmospheres) a scuba diver experiences depends on the diving depth  (in feet) and the dive time  (in minutes). We write  as a function of  and  as  .   Which of the following represents the change in pressure on a diver at a depth of 75 feet, as time increases?
Fresh Harvest Company, which is based on Georgia, packages and sells vegetables. Bob, who is a resident of Indiana, buys a Fresh Harvest product, eats it, and suffers severe food poisoning. Bob wants to file a suit against Fresh Harvest. The diversity of citizenship between these parties means that
Increases the cell number for growth and repair.
When a person has several spouses in a lifetime, but only one spouse at a time, it is called
Nutrients absorbed from the intestinal cells into the circulatory system travel directly to the:
Lois and Peggy are the only two accountants at a construction company. They split the accounting work in the company according to their preferences. They also split the salary, which is actually a single senior accountant's salary, equally between the two of them. In the context of employee benefits, this scenario best exemplifies _____.
