A right triangle has side 40 and hypotenuse 85. Determine the length of the third side.
EXAM PROBLEM #1 Instructions:   (1)   Type your answers to both questions in the textbox below.     Label each answer by its part, A or B. Use subscript and superscript formatting as appropriate.    (2)   Show all work for both questions on your "work" page.     Identify which problem and part they are:  1-A and #1-B    Question: An unknown compound is found to be 33.0% N and 67.0% F by mass.  The molar mass of the compound is determined experimentally to be 255 g/mol. A.   What is the empirical formula for this compound? B.   What is the molecular formula for this compound?
Decreased secretion by the salivary glands causing dry mouth, results from?    A. sympathetic stimulation B. food present in the mouth C. parasympathetic stimulation D. mesenteric reflexes E. gastric reflexes
According to the VAL system, consumers that have strong principles and favor proven brands are considered ________.
To attract more participants to her study, Melanie decides she should make her study worth 2 credits and tell participants that it only takes 10 minutes to complete.  This is an appropriate decision.
Grandma Rose's physician prescribed Pulmozyme which is a DNAse that degrades:
Solve the trigonometric equation. sin x  +  = -  sin x
Justify your response above (Young Americans).  Show a calculation and explain how it supports your response.If this question is left blank, the previous question will be rescored as 1 if it is correct, 0 if incorrect.You will receive partial credit for an attempted response here, even if your previous answer is incorrect.
Below are samples from a population of bacteria. Each dot is an individual and its DNA sequence is compared to the sequence of an individual used to start the population. Which evolutionary force is responsible for the generation of new sequences?
False written statement that defames a person's character in known as:
(P) A patient receiving head and neck radiation and systemic chemotherapy has ulcerations over the oral mucosa and tongue and thick, ropey saliva. An appropriate intervention for the nurse to teach the patient is to
What term is used to describe children who are assumed to have been raised by animals in the wilderness and/or isolated from other people?
If I don't win the election, then the election was rigged.
At this conference, representatives from Russia, England, and the United States proposed the division of Europe after World War II ended.
47.  A newborn is placed under a radiant heat warmer, and the nurse evaluates the infant's body temperature every hour. Maintaining the newborn's body temperature is important for preventing:
A mordant that is applied after the primary stain to chemically bond the alkaline dye to the bacterial cell wall is which of the following?
Which basic flight maneuver increases the load factor on an sUAS as compared to straight-and-level flight?
Jeff tells his girlfriend he wants to see a new action movie but accepts her choice of a romantic comedy. This is an example of ____________.
One of the advantages of holding large inventories is that it protects a firm against the risk of losses due to depreciation in the prices of products.
2.1   Using an example explain the following terms:                            2.1.1   Market   (2)                           2.1.2   Monopoly   (2)                           2.1.3   Globalisation   (2)
