If you have a convolutional neural network with a 224x224x3 input layer, convolutional layer with 3x3 filters (padding to keep image size the same, stride 1) and output size of 224x224x64 , pooling layer of output size 112x112x64 , and a fully connected layer of output size 1x1x10 , assuming batch size of 1, how much memory (where memory is defined as number of values) does it use for forward activations (include the image)?
Which type of insurance includes catastrophic coverage?
Give the name for the specific part of the brain outlined in blue (one on the left, one on the right).  The sagittal view in the upper left has a line to show where the cross section came from.
Which of the following should the nurse include when developing a teaching plan for a client newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus. (Select all that apply)
Please answer each question. Wanda asks Xavier out to dinner and a movie. Is this a valid and binding contract?  Explain the reasons why or why not.
A 5-year-old child is in the hospital with acute renal failure following a streptococcus infection. The parents are Spanish-speaking and speak little English. The parents, through an interpreter, ask the nurse what mistake they made that caused the child to be so sick. What is the most appropriate response by the nurse?
Identify the organ at "D".
Which of the following statements about equity is most correct?
Honor Pledge By agreeing to the statements, you  1. affirm that you will not give or receive any unauthorized help on this exam, and that this work is your own. 2. affirm that you will not record share and/or disseminate information presented in this exam in any form including but not limited to digital sharing.   The following sanctions may be imposed for violation of the Student Academic Honesty Code by the Provost upon recommendation of the Academic Honesty Committee:    a grade of F in the course in which the violation occurs, with the notation "assigned for academic dishonesty" being placed on the transcript for a designated length of time, and the grade of F being reported to both the dean of the college or school in which the student is registered and the Office of the Provost;   a zero grade on the examination, project, paper, etc. with written notification to the dean of the college or school in which the student is registered;   suspension from Auburn University for a stated period of time during which the student will not be allowed to take any courses at Auburn University either in residence or by correspondence. Auburn University will not accept any credit for work earned at another institution during suspension. If the student has previously been subjected to sanctions for violations of the student academic honesty code, the minimum sanction will be suspension.   expulsion from Auburn University.  The full code violations are listed in Chapter 1201 of the Student Academic Honesty Code.   Remember, you are competing for limited space in your graduate or professional school admission with the same group of students that you are trying to help by sharing exam information.
Match the suffixes to their generic drug class or category. One point will be awarded for every correct answer.    -sartan
What is the first step in proper tray selection for alginate impressions?
Which one of the following statements are true of cocaine used in surgery?1. Available in 4% and 10% solutions2. May be sprayed on the mucous membrane3. 4% solution may be given intravenously4. May be placed topically on nasal packing
There are, obviously, a lot of things that can influence a child's future.  But in class we talked about something that is maybe the most important predictor of how well a child will do in school, of the kind of career it will end up with, of how much money  he or she will make as an adult.
A shift in the Long Run Aggregate Supply Line is usually brought about by
Change 3/8 to a percentage.
Evidence from competent, credible sources is more persuasive than evidence from biased or self-interested sources.
Where are abdominal aortic aneurysms most often located?
Propose a mechanism for the following reaction. Mechanism must be show stepwise. SUBMIT YOUR WORK TO POST-FINAL WITHIN 10 MINUTES OF COMPLETING FINAL.
Which of the following mutualists cannot survive without the mutualistic interaction?
11-Scratch Writing Area: Use this area to jot down notes or to complete calculations as needed during your quiz/test.
