Transcribe the following words and upload to the following link.  It has to be uploaded within 5 minutes of completing the assessment.  The only diacritics you will use are the ones that I told you!  But there will also be words that are just said incorrectly, so listen closely.
Lymphomas are neoplasms of the lymphoid tissue.
Red Spark Inc., a multinational electronics manufacturer, recently came under close scrutiny after it was involved in a major money laundering scam. The scam had adversely affected the careers of more than two hundred employees of Red Spark despite the fact that they were not involved in the scam. This scenario illustrates that the scam had a:
Blind-ended crypts are found in the __________.
Occlusion of an artery to the brain leads to infarction of a portion of the brain and is referred to as a stroke.
13.  Paralysis that affects one side of the body is called:
How much is the shortest Space Buffer between Trench and Lay Pipe?
Research on memory construction indicates that memories of past experiences are likely to be
The principle of charity prescribes that, in argument reconstruction, we maximize
A(n)  [OPT1]  online speech is delivered, recorded, and then uploaded to the Internet.
All of the following are true statements about online dating EXCEPT
You find these partially eaten leaves in the enclosure you are cleaning.     What are they? What should your next action be: A. Nothing, proceed with husbandry workB. Call Zoo Manager and report it.C. Proceed with husbandry, notify keeper that is turning in keys.D. Proceed with husbandry, notify Zoo Manager at checkout.
Reviewing, revising, and editing     Conducting a peer review     In each pair, select the response from a peer reviewer that is more likely to help the writer revise his or her draft.         A student revised her first draft to include more examples. Which peer response to her second draft would better help her write the final draft?
Rainfall in a particular area averages about 15 inches per month with a standard deviation of  1.58      Find the probability that the rainfall for a given month is between 14 and 16.2 inches.         Assume a normal distribution.
The cytosine content of a sample of DNA was 22% of total pyrimidine content. The percentage of total nucleotides in the DNA represented by adenine should be?
Company ABC just paid a dividend of $4 this year. The required rate of return for the company is 14%. You forecast dividend growth of 20% for the next three years after which growth will drop to the steady rate of 10%. What is the intrinsic value of the ABC stock today?
A larger object has more drag in water than a smaller object.
In the following list, which entry is NOT accurate?
These EMG waveforms appear approximately 10-21 days after a neurogenic lesion:
The knee is proximal to the:
