2.4   Tina is an experienced and highly qualified designer who is in the process of opening her own design business.  She has two other senior designers, two junior designers, an intern, a financial manager, a marketer and a receptionist as part of her team. Explain each of the organisational structures mentioned below to Tina and then suggest which structure you think would be better suited to her business and why. *         Hierarchal structure *         Horizontal/flat structure   (5)                           2.5   John and Themba want to start their own carpentry business. Themba is contributing limited start-up capital and John has the unique carpentry skills needed, they are however both very scared of debt and want to avoid it as far as possible.  They aren't sure if they should create a partnership or a private company.  Explain two advantages and two disadvantages of each of the types of ownership and then advise the two on which type of ownership you suggest they should start and why.   (10)                                   [30]
Ahora estoy viviendo en un apartamento en el barrio Santa Cruz en Sevilla. Este barrio es muy historico e importante. Es especial porque era un barrio judio en la epoca medieval. Esta a unos 5 minutos caminando de la famosa catedral de Sevilla y del Alcazar. El barrio es muy especial. Como es viejo, las calles son muy estrechas, es decir, no hay mucho espacio para los carros. Mi apartamento esta en el tercer piso. Tenemos que subir las escaleras porque no hay ascensor. Hay varios apartamentos en mi edificio y en el centro del edificio hay un patio con una fuente con agua, lo cual es muy tipico de Sevilla. El apartamento no es muy grande. Cuando entras por la puerta principal hay un pasillo. A la derecha esta mi habitacion. Si caminas un poco mas por el pasillo, la habitacion de mi madre anfitriona esta al lado de mi habitacion a la derecha. El bano esta entre mi habitacion y la habitacion de mi madre anfitriona. Si sigues por el pasillo, la cocina esta a la derecha tambien, al lado de la habitacion de mi madre anfitriona. Ella es soltera y sus hijos ya son grandes, asi que solamente las dos vivimos alli. Al final del pasillo esta el comedor. Es una sala espaciosa con sofa, televisor y mucha luz natural. Al lado izquierdo, hay un balcon con una vista espectacular de la catedral. Mi madre anfitriona y yo estamos muy contentas. Ella es muy simpatica. Almuerza conmigo todos los dias y a veces juega cartas conmigo tambien. Quiere ensenarme muchas cosas, por ejemplo, estoy aprendiendo a hacer comida espanola, como la paella y la tortilla de patatas. Estoy muy comoda en la casa. Me siento como parte de la familia. Inclusive tengo mis propias responsabilidades. Por ejemplo, hago algunos quehaceres domesticos de la casa. Todos los dias hago la cama y saco la basura. A veces compro pan en la panaderia cerca de la casa. Tambien, cuando almorzamos juntas, pongo y quito la mesa y a veces inclusive lavo los platos. No tengo que pasar la aspiradora porque no tenemos alfombra. Todo el piso es de madera. Mi madre anfitriona hace todos los demas quehaceres domesticos. En fin, me gusta mucho mi apartamento en Sevilla. Supporting details In the text, Sandra described what her chores are. Based on what you read, select whether or not Sandra's host mother would say the following commands to her: Pasa la aspiradora.
The Simpson's biodiversity index was determined for several sampling sites. The results can be seen in the graph below.       What is the independent variable in this experiment?
Determine all of the components of reaction at the fixed support A. The 100 N/m distributed load, 30 N force, and 80 N/m distributed load are parallel to the x, y, and z axes, respectively. Type your value for the reactive force in the z-direction below. It must match what is on your paper.
The Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States includes which of the following information:
Using the given electrochemical data, determine the species with the highest reducing strength (strongest reducing agent).
Which terrestrial biome is characterized by very low precipitation and high temperature?
A person who experiences a TBI might experience difficulty with what stage(s) of memory:
On June 1, $40,000 of treasury bonds were purchased between interest dates.  The brokerage commission was $600.  The bonds pay interest at 12%, which is paid semiannually on January 1 and July 1.  How much interest revenue will be recorded on July 1?
Which of the following is associated with Jainism?
Which of the following is not used by bacteria for attachment to a host cell?
Who is the scientist that developed the Law of Conservation of Mass?
Which is a spectator ion from the following complete ionic equation:Ag+(aq) + NO3-(aq) + K+ (aq) + Br-(aq) - AgBr(s) + K+(aq) + NO3- (aq)
Which of the following is associated with the embryonic stage of prenatal development?
Look at the picture, according to the bonding behavior of a carbon atom, how many hydrogen atoms can be attached to carbon B?
Who owns the sweater that the teacher believes to be Rachel's?
What will happen to a population if removal/harvest exceeds rm? 2pts
A caucus
Glucagon decreases the activity of HMG-CoA reductase through which covalent modification?
All of the following are products of transcription EXCEPT
