Enter the answer to Question 35
A patient is admitted to the hospital after several days of vomiting and diarrhea. After an initial bolus of isotonic (0.9%) sodium chloride solution, the prescriber orders dextrose 5% in 1/2 normal saline (D5NS) with 20 mEq potassium chloride to infuse at a maintenance rate. What should the nurse review before implementing this order? (Select all that apply.)
Which type of unemployment is the result of a permanent fall in the demand for the products of an industry?
Fruit with a fleshy outer coat and a stony layer within, with seeds inside the stony layer (e.g., apple):
Which of the following muscles have fibers oriented longitudinally?  (2)
The Peace Treaty of 1898, which formally ended the Spanish-American War, granted the U.S. all the following territories EXCEPT:
A nurse is teaching the staff about a nursing theory that views a person, family, or community developing a normal line of defense. Which theory is the nurse describing?
Solve the problem.The following Venn diagram is for the six sample points possible when rolling a fair die. Let A be the event rolling an even number and let B be the event rolling a number greater than 1. Which of the following events describes the event rolling a 1?
There is a small lake on campus that students like to use for recreational activities. A study has begun on the microbial community in the lake at different times of the year. In order to quickly determine the approximate number of reproducing bacteria in a sample, it would be best to use __________.
Two conducting spheres (red) are attached to 10 cm sections of very light insulating string to form an electroscope as shown below. The mass of each sphere is 1 g. Initially, the balls hang straight down, touching each other. When charge is added, the two spheres separate and reach an equilibrium separation of 4 cm. What is the magnitude of the charge on each sphere? Take the acceleration due to Earth's gravity to be 9.81 m/s2.
Given the balanced equation CH4 + 2 O2 - CO2 + 2 H2O, which of the following is NOT a correct conversion factor?
Beta Blockers, such as propranolol, must be used with caution in diabetic patients because drugs in this class may mask the signs of:
Which peptide circulating in the blood can cause profound vasoconstriction?
The famous designer, Isaac Mizrahi, made a scheduled appearance at Borders bookstore in Mall of America to sign copies of his book "How to Have Style". This is an example of what type of communication method?
To determine whether the system of internal control operated effectively to minimize errors of failure to invoice a shipment, the auditor would select a sample of transactions from the population represented by the
The search engine is an example of ______________?
What is a technological solution that allows publishers to control their digital media to discourage, limit, or prevent illegal copying and distribution?
You may need an export license because if the end user. You should consult wiht the Denied Persons list before making an export.
Upon admission, you learn that this patient has not been sleeping and has lost 15 lbs. in the past 4 weeks related to depression. The Dr. may consider administering a medication from this class due to its effects of improving appetite and causing sedation?
Pretend you are the Python interpreter and evaluate the expression below. Write down the value and data type that each evaluates to. If your answer is a string include quotes around your answer (i.e "hello"). If your answer is a float make sure you include the decimal (i.e 5.0). Write the word error in both fields if the expression causes an error.  not False and True or not True  Resulting Value of Expression: [value4] Data Type of Expression: [type4]
