A recent survey of New York State families asked about their vacation habits. The accompanying two-way table shows the number of families according to where they live (rural, suburban, urban) and the length of their last vacation (1-7 days, 8 days or more). (8 pts, 1 pt each)           Rural   Suburban   Urban   Total     1-7 days   90   57   52   199     8 days or more   74   38   21   133     Total   164   95   73   332     If one family is selected at random from these 332 families, what is the probability of the following:  They spent 8 days or more on vacation. They were a rural family. They were an urban family and spent 8 days or more on vacation. They were a rural family or spent 1 to 7 days on vacation. They spent 8 days or more on vacation, given they were a suburban family. They were a rural family, given they spent 1 to 7 days on vacation. Are the length of vacation and where they live mutually exclusive events? Explain. Are the length of vacation and where they live independent events? Explain.
Choose one question from the following list to answer. If you answer two, you will receive credit for which ever is worth more points. The objective is to provide a thorough explanation using the proper vocabulary. Please do not attach diagrams.     Explain why small animals often lack specialized organs for gas exchange and/or circulation. Include specific examples in your answer. Describe the sexual and asexual reproductive cycles seen in the Class Monogononta. Describe the life cycle (reproductive modes, etc.) of a typical cnidarian like Obelia. Describe how gastropod anatomy is modified by torsion.
Which one of the following is a major function of the nervous system?
Which one of the following is not the characteristics of stress starvation?
The British government levied a tax on hair powder in the 18th century and this helped cause the end of men wearing wigs.
Below is a picture of current U.S. Senator James Inhofe (R-OK) holding a snowball while making a speech on the floor of the United States Senate in February, 2015.  At the time, Senator Inhofe was the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Environment and argued that, "based on "biblical evidence," NASA and other scientists were wrong about humans driving the earth's climate to change.  To "support" his argument, he brought with him a snowball he made outside the capitol building that morning and stated it was evidence that our climate could not be warming if its's so cold in March that it's snowing.  What fundamental scientific misunderstanding did Senator Inhofe demonstrate by using a snowball as evidence that the earth's climate was not changing?
What is the molar hydroxide ion (OH-) concentration of an aqueous solution at pH 6?
Which of the following is true regarding the Mt. St. Helens historic eruption?
Voter suppression of African Americans was a critical part of how white southerners maintained control. All the following were examples of voter suppression EXCEPT:
For the elementary reaction NO3 + CO - NO2 + CO2 the molecularity of the reaction is ________, and the rate law is
The anterior cruciate and posterior cruciate ligaments of the knee
18. The physician has ordered a cleansing soap suds enema for an adult patient. What would the nurse expect to be an appropriate amount of solution to instill?
In order for a nursing student to maximize productivity in studying for exams, one needs to manage attitudes and behaviors to use in a constructive manner.   What is the first step in a plan to maximize productivity?
Scientists use pollution intolerant organisms from what three orders to determine water quality?
The nurse is teaching patients about self-injection of insulin. Which statement is true regarding injection sites?
Create five words using this week's roots.  Words must be different than the ones used above.
A 20-kg box is placed on a ramp that has an incline 30 degrees from horizontal. The coefficient of kinetic friction between the mass and the incline surface, uk = 0.400. The coefficient of static friction, us 0.500. a. Determine if the box will move. [Enter your justification in the box below, explaining your answer and referencing the relevant calculations. Write out your calculations on paper. Upload your supporting work right after the exam.] b.  If it does not move, find the force of static friction acting on the box. If it does move, determine the acceleration of the box.  [Type your answer, with units, below.  Upload your supporting work right after the exam]
Which type of prevention program works with adult children of alcoholics to prevent them from becoming an alcoholic?
The components to a model for a business model that can be converted into a superior  position of advantage do NOT include
Decreased liver PROTEIN synthesis would cause the amount of ____ and ____ in the blood to be increased.
