Two groups of dieticians (Group 1 and Group 2) have independently come up with two different diet plans that help individuals lose weight. Group 1 dieticians clam that their diet plan is better than that of Group 2. In other words, the claim is that those who are on Group 1 diet will likely lose more weight than those on Group 2 diet plan. A research company decided to test this claim and 40 individuals were recruited. The initial (before) weight of all the 40 participants were recorded. Half of them were asked to follow the diet plan developed by Group 1 dieticians and the remaining half followed the diet plan of Group 2 dieticians for 8 weeks. After the end of 8 weeks, participants' (after) weights were recorded. The data for all the participants belonging to Group 1 and Group 2 diet plans is available in Group 1 and 2 data sheet. Please report the appropriate p-value and state your conclusion based on your hypotheses with 95% confidence.
Which of the following species is known to be capable of assimilating carbon from plant sources?
What type of tissue is located in the lamina propria of the true vocal fold?
Proposed amendment to the Constitution that states: Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or any state on account of sex is known as:
Which of the following glandular secretion is not matched correctly to its description:
Ependymal cells line the inner cavities of the CNS.
Which of the following best describes the crucial difference between drama and the other major genres of fictional prose and poetry?
Bacterial meningitis can be differentiated from viral meningitis by doing performing a spinal tap and analyzing the Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF). What will be seen ONLY in bacterial meningitis
Which of these provides a non-specific internal disease resistance mechanism?
In babies and very small children it is often best advised to place a pulse oximetry device on the great toe or around the foot and then cover same foot with a sock.
Which of the following describes thymus-independent (TI)-1 antigens?
According to Woolf, writing as a profession
Which factor can help to determine whether a victim was alive during a fire?
Histogram analysis errors are becoming less common with the increase in DR systems used, what would be a reason for this?
You assess your 45 year old patient's vital signs prior to beginning the exercise session.  The patient's blood pressure is recorded as 128/86 mm Hg and the pulse is 72 beats per minute.  The patient begins the exercise session which consists of walking on the treadmill.  After reassessing the patient's vital signs you decide to terminate the exercise session.  At reassessment, the patient's vital signs were documented as blood pressure at 154/116 mm Hg and the pulse as 102 beats per minute.  Which of the following findings was most likely responsible for terminating the exercise?
Rationalize the denominator and simplify the fraction.    You can use "sqrt" to represent the radical--for example:  sqrt(5)  .  You may also use the equation editor button () in the toolbar to express your solution.
Stimulates secretion of estrogens---
The Union campaign in Virginia saw multiple battles. Which battle was known as the bloodiest single day in American history, even to this day?
When giving a blood product transfusion, you should monitor closely for transfusion reactions.  Match the correct information with the type of transfusion reaction.
The shape of the ________ determines the amount of movement possible at each joint.
