What steps can an attacker take in order to repackage an app?
Which type of shear is used mainly to remove bulk from the hair, and is often referred to as a thinning shear, tapering shear, or notching shear?
Which of the following statements is not correct when balancing a nuclear equation? I.     The mass numbers must be conserved on both sides of the reaction arrow II.    The ionic charges must be conserved on both sides of the reaction arrow III.  The atomic numbers must be conserved on both sides of the reaction arrow IV.  The elements must be the same on both sides of the reaction arrow
The structural and functional unit of the kidney is:
El pesimista  Manolo es pesimista. Completa lo que dice con las opciones de la lista. Utiliza el futuro perfecto para describir probabilidad. agotarse los boletos          charlar            lastimarse   marcar ningun gol      perder todo el dinero        ser aburrido/a Mi equipo jugo hoy y siempre pierde; probablemente no...
Which of the following is an example of primary data?
Hilary is training Phoenix the dolphin.  If Phoenix flip-jumps after Hilary gives the command to "flip-jump", Hilary gives Phoenix a fish.  However, if Phoenix flip-jumps, but Hilary has NOT given her the command, Hilary does not give Phoenix a fish.  Whether or not Hilary gives a command to flip-jump is an example of:
Which statement should a nurse identify as correct regarding a client's right to refuse treatment?
Most disk pathology of the spine occurs in the thoracic region.
The banking system creates money in the sense that it:
Microfractures in the area where the patellar tendon inserts into the tibial tuberosity is?
Which of the following is NOT one of the primary ways in which edema forms from leakage of fluid out of the capillaries?
The previous two questions asked about snakes, which are members of which lineage of reptiles?  (I will accept two or three different lineage names; specific or general is fine, but be more specific than "Reptiles.")
Download this data file and this data file. Modify each according to the instructions below. Upload your finished work to Canvas using the link.    Problem 1. (60 points) Create a PivotTable and PivotChart for Pooky's Blazin' Barbecue that analyzes a year's worth of sales data. Perform the following tasks to help Pooky:    1. Open the data file associated with Pooky's Blazin' Barbecue for this test in Canvas.   2. Save the workbook using the file name [Your Name] Final Exam Problems (entering your own name in the place of [Your Name]).    3. Format the data in the cells A3:B252 as an Excel table, Blue, Table Style Medium 9, and name it BBQ.Sales. Add the following data in the rows immediately below the table. Verify that the table has expanded to accommodate the new data.      1/10/2020 $1,495        2/26/2020 $1,338        4/14/2020 $1,563        5/6/2020 $1,301        8/10/2020 $1,512        9/21/2020 $1,565        10/15/2020 $1,681        12/4/2020 $1,577       4. Apply the Organic theme. Use Help to learn about grouping data such as dates in a PivotTable and PivotChart. This will be used in requirement 10 below.    5. Create a PivotTable in a new worksheet based on the data in the Sales Data worksheet. Use Date as the Rows field and use Sales as the Values field. (Excel breaks the date fields down into months and days.)     6. Change the name of the new worksheet containing the PivotTable to Income Review. Change the PivotTable style to 'Pivot Style Medium 17'.    7. Add the title Pooky's Blazin' Barbecue in the upper left-hand corner of the worksheet. Format using the Title cell style.    8. Type the subtitle Income 2020 immediately underneath the title. Format using the Heading 2 cell style. Merge and center the titles across columns A and B.    9. Insert two blank rows above the PivotTable for future filters. Format the Sales data using the Currency cell style, no decimal. Set the width of columns A and B  to 20.    10. Based on the Help instructions from requirement 4, group the daily sales figures by months and quarters. (Hint: you will use the Grouping dialog box.) Display the Expand and Collapse buttons.     11. Create a PivotChart, and locate it on the same worksheet as the PivotTable. Use the 3-D Clustered Column chart type, and set up the chart to have no legend.    12. Hide the Expand and Collapse buttons in the PivotChart. Right-click in the chart area, choose '3-D Rotation' on the shortcut menu, and set X rotation to 100deg and Y rotation to 50deg.    13. Change chart colors to Monochromatic Palette 8. Edit the chart title to match the PivotTable title. Resize the PivotChart to fill cells D1 through L22.    14. Set the Income Review worksheet to print in landscape orientation.            Problem 2. (90 points) You want to select the best payback option for a car loan you are considering. You will need to perform the following tasks:    1. Open the data file associated with this test in Canvas.   2. Move the sheet Car Loan Calculator to the workbook [Your Name] Final Exam Problems so it becomes the last sheet in the workbook.    3. Enter a loan amount of $25,500, interest rate of 5.9% and term of 60 months in the payment calculator section of the workbook.    4. Enter appropriate formulas or cell references in cells B5 through D5 to create headers for the output data table (that is, the Interest Rate Schedule). The total loan cost is the principal loan amount borrowed plus total interest.     5. Fill in interest rates from 4.5% to 6.0% in increments of 0.25% in the Interest Rate column of the Interest Rate Schedule, using the fill handle or the Fill Series dialog.    6. Fill in the data table (Interest Rate Schedule) using Excel's Data Table functionality. (The interest rate from the Car Loan Payment calculator will serve as the column input cell for the data table.)     7. Use Goal Seek to determine how many months you will need to pay off the loan if you change the amount paid per month to $450. Round to the nearest whole month. Update the Loan Payoff Options table with the results of this Goal Seek.     8. Now use Goal Seek to determine how many months you would need to pay off the loan if you pay $350 per month. Round to the nearest whole month. Update the Loan Payoff Options table with the results of this Goal Seek.     9. Reduce the loan term to 42 months and record the monthly payment and total interest paid in the Loan Payoff Options table.    10. Use Goal Seek to determine the Monthly Payment and Months (by changing the number of months) for the final option in the Loan Payoff Options table, reducing the total interest paid to $2,500. Update the Loan Payoff Options table with the results.     11. Save the current Scenario under the name Original Loan Terms that shows the resulting monthly payment and total interest under this scenario. (The changing cells for the Scenario are the interest rate and number of months.)     12. The car dealer is prepared to offer you an interest rate of 4.9% if you pay over 36 months. Create a Scenario named Interest rate 4.9% paid over 36 months that shows the resulting monthly payment and total interest. (Once again, the changing cells are the interest rate and number of months.)      13. Finally, the dealer is willing to offer an interest rate of 4.4% if you pay over 24 months. Create a third Scenario named Interest rate 4.4% paid over 24 months that shows the resulting monthly payment and total interest (same changing cells as before).     14. Prepare a Scenario Summary showing what would happen to the monthly payment and total interest under each of the three scenarios. Rename the worksheet Dealer Offer Summary. Hide the gridlines.     15. Prepare a Scenario PivotTable based on the three scenarios. Insert a 3-D Column PivotChart below the PivotTable. Filter out the Interest rate 4.4% paid over 24 months (on the PivotChart and PivotTable) because the payment is too high for your current budget. Select Chart Style 9 for the PivotChart and add the title Dealer Offer Analysis.      16. Rename the worksheet Pivot for Dealer Offers. Change the tab color to Green, Accent 1 (row 1, column 5).    17. Return to the Car Loan Calculator worksheet. Type 4.50% in cell A14. In cell B14 insert a VLOOKUP function to identify the total interest amount that would be paid under that rate from the Interest Rate Schedule. Type 6.00% in cell A15. Copy the VLOOKUP function from cell B14 to B15 (to confirm that the formula works).      18. Check spelling, save the workbook and upload it to Canvas.
If a plant cell is placed in a isotonic solution what direction will water flow and what will happen to the cells and the plant as a whole?
Health improvements associated with increased overall daily activity are most likely associated with:
Medina's argument in sentence 57 is
If there is a problem with any of the above question you may type your answers here. please ensure that you then number your answer very clearly with the question number from the quiz.
United Jersey Bank offers customers, who have a combined balance of $3000 or more in a United Jersey Checking Account and Preferred Money Market Account, a service called United Jersey Preferred Banking. This service is designed to make banking more convenient and profitable for customers. United Jersey Preferred Banking eliminates monthly maintenance fees, provides unlimited free transactions at ATMs, preferred rates on personal loans, higher interest rates on savings with higher balances and a consolidated monthly statement. United Jersey Bank does not offer United Jersey Preferred banking to customers with a combined balance of less than $3000 in a United Jersey Checking Account and Preferred Money Market Account because these customers are:
[co] would move across a membrane using simple diffusion. [Na] would move across a membrane using primary active transport. [Gl] would move across a membrane using secondary active transport.
