Assume that a process is given 4 initially empty page frames. Given the following reference string for the process, show which pages are resident under each of the following algorithms and indicate which references cause page fault. 5 3 2 1 0 4 3 2 1 3 2 4 3 0 a. (5 points) Optimal algorithm b. (5 points) FIFO c. (5 points) LRU (tie-breaker: FIFO) d. (5 points) Second chance algorithm
1936 Berlin Olympics track and field star
Constitutional elements of an examination include all except which of the following?
A patient who has good Word Intelligibility Scores in quiet can be assured that they will receive good benefit from hearing aids.
If a 10% increase in the price of pork reduces quantity demanded by 7%, the price elasticity of demand is:
Which of the following is NOT a restriction on Bernoulli's equation
Lost at the Siege of Bexar. Promised to never fight in Texas again.
Find the area of the region bounded by
Self-Esteem (X) Self-Handicapping(Y) XDeviation YDeviation   Person 1 7 3 0 -2   Person 2 4 3 -3 -2   Person 3 5 4 -2 -1   Person 4 8 7 1 2   Person 5 9 6 2 1   Person 6 6 3 -1 -2   Person 7 10 9 3 4   Mean 7 5      Is there a correlation between participant's score on self-esteem and self-handicapping?  Use a = 0.01, one-tailed, and a critical value of 0.833.  a) Calculate the Pearson's Correlation and show your work. Numerator and work: [CorrNum] Denominator and work: [CorrDem]  Correlation coefficient and work: [CorrCoeff]   b) Make a decision about the null hypothesis: [CorrDecision] Interpret the results of this experiment: [CorrInterpret] Display the statistical results of your correlation in APA format. Make sure you include effect size, if appropriate. [CorrAPAStats] c) Find the regression equation for predicting someone's Self-Handicapping score (Y) from their Self-Esteem score. Show your work. beta and work: [beta] y-intercept and work: [y-intercept]  d) Does the regression equation you created in part c account for a significant portion of the variance in Self-Handicapping? Use a = 0.01, and critical value of 16.26 to evaluate the F-ratio.  F-ratio numerator and work: [RegNum] F-ratio denominator and work: [RegDem] Plain English interpretation: [RegInterpret] Display the statistical results of your regression in APA format. You do not need to include effect size. [RegAPAStats]
DIRECTIONS: Read the passage. Then read the sentences below. Can you infer the information below from the information given in the passage? Write Y (yes) or N (no). Mystery Sisters [A] Aubrey Lumpkin got the biggest surprise of her young life when her adoptive American parents, Lisa and Gene, told her that she had a sister. It was even more surprising when they told her that she had met her sister before! [B] In fact, Aubrey and her sister had lived and played together at the same orphanage1 in Shenzhen, China for several years but did not know that they were sisters. The orphanage was also unaware that the two young girls were related. When the Lumpkins adopted Aubrey at the age of six, they did not know about the other girl and thus did not realize that they were actually separating two sisters. [C] Several years later, while surfing the Internet, Lisa Lumpkin came across a photo of a young girl who looked so much like Aubrey that she got an intense shock. The similarity in appearance was too great to be just a coincidence. Lisa concluded that the girl in the photo and her adopted daughter Aubrey must be sisters. To her surprise, after some research, she traced this girl back to Aubrey's orphanage. The Lumpkins' immediately contacted the orphanage to arrange for a DNA test.2 When the results were released, Lisa's guess was confirmed. The two girls were most certainly sisters. [D] At this point, the Lumpkins' next step was obvious to them. They decided to adopt Aubrey's sister as well. After going through a lengthy adoption process once again, the Lumpkins were finally able to become the girl's parents. After giving her the name Avery, they flew her to the United States and reunited her with Aubrey.[E] The Lumpkins have admitted that communication between the two girls has been a challenge. Because Avery was raised in China until the age of 13, her English skills were very weak when she arrived in the United States. Similarly, because Aubrey has lived with the Lumpkins since the age of six, she is not able to speak Chinese. [F] Despite this, the two girls are always excited to be around one another and also provide support to each other. Although the girls get along well with the Lumpkins' other children, Aubrey and Avery's relationship is a special one. They are truly thankful for what their adoptive mother accidentally found on the Internet.1 An orphanage is a place that takes care of children without parents.2 A DNA test shows whether two people are biologically related.Aubrey and Avery had a special relationship at the orphanage.
Artists' chalk is powdered calcium carbonate combined with this binder.
The key sign(s)of shock are:
The probability distribution of a random variable X is given.      x 1 2 3 4   P(X = x) 0.4 0.2 0.1 0.3      Compute the mean, variance, and standard deviation of x. (Round your answers to two decimal places.) Mean [answer1] Variance [answer2] Standard deviation [answer3]
When treating a patient with exophthalmos, the dosimetrist will try to formulate a plan that will shield which of the following organs as much as possible?
Drugs administered sublingually are ____.
Which of the following is NOT a typical question to answer when evaluating and interpreting research?
What is e  (in V) of the following cell reaction at 25degC?  edegcell = 0.460 V. Cu(s) | Cu2+(0.018 M) || Ag+(0.17 M) | Ag(s)
The number 6 can be used as the key value in a multiplicative cipher in mod 25
Answer the following question based on the following scenarioPatient with recent stroke, aphasic (unable to communicate) has been losing weight. The patient was taken to the dining room for main dining and placed at a table in front of the TV which was turned up. Patient's diet is pureed with a scoop plate, and long handled spoon. Pt is served a regular tray. After 20 minutes, the staff asked the patient why he hasn't eaten much food and laugh at how much food he has spilled on his clothes. Staff took him back to his room and marked his intake of 20% on the graphics. About 2 hours later, patient's family arrives and complains that he didn't eat lunch as is was still sitting in his room. As is turns out the correct tray was sent to his room for lunch instead of taken to the dining room where the patient actually ate. The nurse then heats the food on the lunch tray up, mixes it all together and proceeds to feed the patient since the correct utensils are not present. The family inquires as to what the resident is being served and the nurse replies "I don't know, this pureed stuff all looks the same, that's why I just mix it all together, maybe something in there will have some taste". 22. Which of the following tags would most likely be issued upon inspection? a. F810 - patient feeding abilities diminishing b. F810 - food temperatures not hot enoughc. F810 - no beveragesd. F810 - inadequate dietary staff
Proceeding to the exam acknowledges  that I have read the requirements for this test including no cellphone use, no programmable calculators, no notes, I cannot leave the camera during testing or speak out loud during the exam.  Do you understand and agree to the policies?
