Education to patients using drugs to treat insomnia should include an emphasis on what important issue? Correct Answer: Long term use may increase the risk of adverse effects, create "sleep debt," and cause rebound insomnia when stopped.     Long term us of drugs for insomnia is not recommended.  They have significant adverse effects and may cause sleep debt due to effects on the sleep cycle.  Not all drugs in this category require blood work.   chapter 14, back of book Adams, Holland, Urban
What two factors determine the pressure gradient that drives circulation?
For Aristotle, the _______ mastery of the emotions is the first condition of moral virtue.
A common form of pneumonia that is seen in previously healthy individuals is caused by:
The most important composer of his day, this French musician wrote the best-known work of medieval music, the Messe de Nostre Dame (Mass of Our Lady).  He was equally esteemed as a poet and his reputation in French literature is considered equal to that held in English literature by his slightly younger counterpart, Geoffrey Chaucer.
This type of speech rhetoric focuses on relying on evidence and past behaviors to persuade the audience to make a decision.
Which of the following is in correct order?
Which of the following is a form of aneuploidy in which two members of the same homologous pair are absent?
A potential complication of hordeolum is:
What is the null hypothesis when testing for significance using the Pearson correlation coefficient?
A female client has been experiencing recurrent urinary tract infections.  What health education should the nurse provide to this cleint?
Potentially useful information, Exam 2
Which of the following is NOT an element of Fiction?
What is the function of the iris diaphragm on the compound light microscope?
A qualified health claim differs from a SSA health claim in that a qualified health claim
Post-processing deals with shading (contrast) corrections, pattern recognition, and exposure field recognition.
Two light bulbs (not necessarily identical) are connected in parallel to a battery with voltage of 10 V. The current coming from the battery is measured to be 2 A and the current passing through bulb 1 is measured to be 1.5 A, what is the current passing through bulbs 2?
The nurse receives a report that a client's laboratory results show a left shift or an increase in circulating band neutrophils. What is the nurse's best action?
An agency relationship can be created by oral or written agreement
There is an order for an I.V. push medication to be given "slow".  The nurse knows that "slow":
