In 1969, Tom Warren founded East Coast Yachts. The company's operations are located near Hilton Head Island, South Carolina, and the company is structured as a sole proprietorship. The company has manufactured custom midsize, high-performance yachts for client's and its products have received high reviews for safety and reliability. The company's yachts have also recently received the highest award for customer satisfaction. The yachts are primarily purchases by wealthy individuals for pleasure use. Occasionally, a yacht is manufactured for purchase by a company for business purposes. The custom yacht industry is fragmented, with a number of manufactures. As with any industry, there are market leaders, but the diverse nature of the industry ensures that no manufacturer dominates the market. The competition in the market, as well as the product cost, ensures that attention to detail is a necessity. For instance, East Coast Yachts will spend 80 to 100 hours on hand-buffing the stainless steel stem-iron, which is the metal cap on the yachts bow that conceivably could collide with a dock or another boat. Several years ago, Tom retired from the day-to-day operations of the company and turned the operations of the company over to his daughter, Larissa. Because of the dramatic changes in the company, Larissa has approached you to help manage and direct the company's growth. Specifically, she has asked you to answer the following questions.   What are the advantages and disadvantages of changing the company organization from a sole proprietorship to an LLC?  What are the advantages and disadvantages of changing the company organization from a sole proprietorship to a corporation?  Ultimately, what action would you recommend the company to undertake? Why?
WCTU:
The following is a reading standard for history/social studies:  Examine the social and economic conflicts between the North and South that would eventually led to the American Civil War. Break the standard down and list at least 3 things a student would need know or be able to do in order to meet this standard.
Which case law established "stop and frisk?"
What is the charge of X in the ionic compound X(SO3)2 ? Remember the notation of charge is 1+, 2+, 3+, 4+, 5+,... or 1-, 2-, 3-, 4-, 5-,..... [R1]
Describe the tonicity of the solution in which these red blood cells were immersed.
Employee health test results reveal a tuberculosis (TB) skin test of 16-mm induration and a negative chest x-ray for a staff nurse working on the pulmonary unit. The nurse has no symptoms of TB and has never had a positive TB skin test before. Which information should the occupational health nurse plan to teach the staff nurse?
Use the figure to answer the question.The figure shows a simple metabolic pathway. According to Beadle and Tatum's hypothesis, how many genes are necessary for this pathway?
Dietary supplements are closely regulated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
A patient who has just returned from surgery after a total gastrectomy begins to vomit bright red blood. What is the priority action for the nurse to take?
Consider the following reaction: 2 Fe(OH)3+ -  Fe2O3+ 3H2O (4 min) What type of reaction is this?
The nursing care plan calls for the patient, a 300 lb woman, to be turned every 2 hours.  The patient is unable to assist with turning.  The nurse knows that she may hurt her back if she attempts to turn the patient by herself.  The nurse should:
Find the midrange of the set of data.14, 20, 2, 4, 19, 20, 22, 4, 12
While a patient is receiving antilipemic therapy, the nurse knows to monitor the patient closely for the development of which problem?
Problem Counts 3 Points American Automotive, a national chain of automotive repair shops, acquired all of the outstanding common stock of Southern Parts for $598,000 in cash. The book values and the market values of Southern Parts' assets and liabilities were as follows:        Book Value Fair Value   Current Assets $424,000 $400,000   Property, plant, and equipment $244,000 $356,000   Other assets $148,000 $160,000   Current liabilities $116,000 $114,000   Long-term liabilities $198,000 $208,000      Calculate the amount of Goodwill that will be added to American Automotive's Balance Sheet.
Parasitic infections are a primary cause of _______ in many regions of the globe.
Mio cugino sempre __________ (fare) i compiti. [verb1]
What bone is label #38?
Considering the classification of bones by shape, how is the bone at the arrow classified?
The nurse is monitoring the fluid electrolyte balance of an 84-year old patient. The nurse recognized which of the following as a normal change in aging:
