Mid-ocean ridges are an example of a ___________boundary.
Teva Acquires Cephalon in a Hostile Takeover Discussions about a possible merger between Israel's mega generic-drug maker Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (Teva) and a specialty drug firm, Cephalon Inc. (Cephalon), had been underway for more than a year. However, they took on a sense of heightened urgency following an unexpected public announcement on March 29, 2011, of an unsolicited tender offer for U.S.-based Cephalon by Canada's Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Ltd. (Valeant). The Valeant offer was valued at $5.7 billion, or $73 per Cephalon share. Cephalon had already rebuffed several friendly merger proposals made privately from Valeant earlier in 2011. Valeant, known for employing aggressive takeover tactics, decided to break the impasse in its discussions with Cephalon's board and management by taking its offer public.   Valeant argued publicly that their offer was fair and that the loss of patent protection for Cephalon's top-selling sleep-disorder drug, Provigil, in 2012 and the tepid adoption of a new version of the drug called Nuvigil would make it difficult for Cephalon to prosper on its own. Cephalon responded that the Valeant offer had undervalued the company. Valeant coupled its hostile offer with the mailing of a proposal to Cephalon shareholders to replace Cephalon's board with its own chosen directors and to have the new board rescind Cephalon's shareholder rights plan. Shareholders only had to sign and return a response card to Valeant giving the firm the right to vote their shares in support of the proposal to change the composition of the Cephalon board. Cephalon distributed their own candidates for the Cephalon board to the shareholders.   Valeant had a reputation for aggressive cost-cutting and improving earnings performance by paring back its own internal R&D activities and acquiring new drugs through the acquisition of other pharmaceutical companies. This was in marked contrast to the more traditional approach taken by many pharmaceutical companies, which involved heavy reinvestment in internal research and development to develop new drugs. Valeant's approach has been to cut R&D costs ruthlessly, seek undervalued targets, set aggressive timeframes for integrating acquisitions, and to use cash rather than equity. This set Valeant apart from many other pharmaceutical firms, which have commonly used equity to make acquisitions, despite the research showing that equity-financed deals tend to underperform those in which the purchase price was mainly cash.   Given its reputation, attempts to get an agreement between Valeant and Cephalon were in trouble from the outset. Valeant was not interested in Cephalon's oncology products and even proposed buying only the firm's non-oncology drugs. Cephalon's board and management showed little interest in dismembering the firm and proceeded to acquire U.S.-based Gemin X Pharmaceuticals Inc. for $225 million on March 21, 2011, and to buy up the outstanding shares of ChemGenex Pharmaceuticals Ltd of Australia for $175 million. The use of cash for these purposes substantially reduced the firm's cash balances.   Teva had significantly greater appeal to the Cephalon board, since it had expressed interest in the entire company. Teva also was willing to pay a substantially higher purchase price because of the greater perceived synergy between the two companies. To understand the source of this synergy it is important to recognize that Teva has historically been viewed by investors as primarily a manufacturer of low-margin pharmaceuticals. Profit margins on such drugs tend to be substantially less than those of branded drugs and were likely to continue to decline due to increased competition and government and insurance company pressure to reduce selling prices. Teva did have its own blockbuster branded drug, Copaxone, which accounted for 21% of the firm's $16.1 billion in 2010. However, the drug was going to lose patent protection in 2014.   Teva needed to achieve a better balance between branded and generic products. Acquiring Cephalon, with its strong drug pipeline and fast-growing cancer drug Treanda and pain medicine Fentora, offered the potential for offsetting any loss of Copaxone revenue and of expanding Teva's offering of high-margin branded drugs. These drugs would complement Teva's own portfolio of drugs, serving therapeutic areas ranging from central nervous system disorders to oncology to pain management, that generated $2.8 billion in 2010. With Cephalon, branded drugs would account for 36% of the combined firms' revenue. Together, the combined firms would have 30 pharmaceuticals at least at the mid-development stage. Teva believed the deal would be accretive immediately, with $500 million in annual cost savings and synergies realized within three years. Although the deal did offer cost-cutting opportunities, the ability to broaden the firm's product offering was a far greater attraction.   With this in mind, Teva lost little time in exploiting Cephalon's efforts to ward off Valeant's March 29 unwanted takeover bid by moving aggressively to trump Valeant's offer. Teva's all-cash bid of $81.50 per share represented an approximate 12% premium to Valeant's $73 per share offer and a 39% premium to Cephalon's share price the day after Valeant's announced its bid. The deal, including the conversion of its convertible debentures and stock options, is worth $6.8 billion to Cephalon's shareholders. The purchase agreement included a breakup fee of $275 million, about 4% of the purchase price.   Having publicly stated that they thought their offer fully valued the business, Valeant withdrew its offer after the joint Cephalon-Teva announcement on May 2, 2011. Valeant could not continue to pursue Cephalon unless it was willing to run the risk of being publicly perceived as overpaying for the target. Investors reacted favorably, with Cephalon's stock and Teva's rising 4.2% and 3.5%, respectively, on the announcement. Expressing their disappointment, investors drove Valeant's share price down by 6.5%. Valeant would still profit from the 1 million Cephalon shares it had acquired prior to Teva's and Cephalon's public announcement of their agreement. These shares had been acquired at prices below Teva's winning bid of $81.50 per share.   The acquisition of Cephalon marks the third major deal for Teva in four years as it continues to implement its business strategy of broadening its product portfolio by diversifying between generic-drug offerings and higher-margin branded offerings through acquisitions. This strategy is designed to reduce the firm's reliance on any single drug or handful of drugs.
When you have an instrument that you're trying to record directly into a mixer, simply plugging it in won't generate enough voltage, more often than not. To work around this, sometimes we use a step-up transformer in between. What do we call these?
According to the quadrants of the social style matrix, _____ is most likely a strength of driver salespeople.
You have files VendingMachine.java, Cola.java, and a driver class named Driver.java. Fill in the correct visibility modifiers so that the comments in the class Cola and Driver's main method are upheld.  public class VendingMachine {    1  void pay() { /*compiles*/ }    2  void shake() { /*compiles*/ }    3  void choose() { /*compiles*/ } }  ----- in a separate file in a different package/directory ----- public class Cola extends VendingMachine {   public void cocaCola() { pay(); // doesn't compile choose(); // compiles }}  ----- in a separate file in a different package/directory ----- public class Driver { public static void main(String[] args) {        Cola c = new Cola();         c.pay();   // doesn't compile        c.shake(); // compiles c.choose(); // doesn't compile }}    1   : [1]  2   : [2]  3   : [3]
Recalling many symbolic elements in costumes, characters, scenery and lighting, please write an essay over Stephen Sondheim's Into the Woods production that we saw as a class at Regent Park Open Air Theatre in London.  Integrate as much terminology and specific support choices, moments describing the various meaning of these symbols.  Please include good grammar, spelling, and structure.
Delegation decisions are based on individual patient needs, facility policies, job descriptions, the state nurse practice act, and professional standards.
The nurse is providing care for a patient in the emergent stage of treatment for a partial-thickness burn. The patient has been stabilized, with blood pressure 140/88 mm Hg, pulse 78 beats/min, respirations 22 breaths/min, and temperature 97.4degF (36.3degC) orally. Which new assessment finding does the nurse immediately communicate to the health care provider (HCP)?
ABO blood type in humans exhibits codominance and multiple alleles. What is the likelihood of a type A father and a type A mother having a type O child?
What is the integration of communication channels into a single service?
Compare the processes of cellular respiration and photosynthesis in plants. Which of the following statements correctly describe these processes? (Choose all that apply.)
Calculate the pH of a 0.450 M H2SO4 solution, K2=1.02x10-2.
Find the largest open intervals where the function is concave upward.f(x) =
4. Choose the sentence that is the MAIN IDEA. A. Exposure to secondhand smoke presents a number of serious health hazards to nonsmokers. B. Those exposed to secondhand smoke for 30 years or more are 23 percent more likely to get lung cancer. C. Exposure to secondhand smoke. D. Nonsmokers exposed to secondhand smoke at home have a 15 percent higher death rate than those exposed to clean air.
When a student reviews the exam after taking the exam, that student should do an information processing analysis.  What does this consist of in analysis of the exam?
The three listening levels discussed in the textbook are distinct and do not overlap, regardless of the situation.
Counterfactual thinking occurs when:
Match Erickson's  Stage With The Correct Age Group
Which of a) to d) is true: The size of a hash table with n keys
Which of the following statements are true regarding the  HIPAA Privacy and  Security Rules (select all true statements)?
