A patient who was found unconscious in a burning house is brought to the emergency department by ambulance. The nurse notes that the patient's skin color is bright red. Which action should the nurse take first?
When converting 14.9d to binary           the integer part in binary would be [intpart]           the fraction part in binary would be [fracpart]
A(n) _____ is a drug that increases the action of a neurotransmitter.
What does this figure represent (structurally)?
the quality of a work of appearing true to life
The table below show the probability distribution for X = number of rooms in Florida housing units.                X   P(X)     1   0.180     2   0.158     3   0.124     4   0.108     5   0.067     6   0.145     7   0.104     8   0.063     9   0.051     If a housing unit is randomly selected, find the probability of getting a unit with no more than 4 rooms?
The population corridor from Boston to Washington D.C. is called the Megalopolis.
_____ are common rules for linking and sharing information.
Led by James Oglethorpe, this colony was settled for military and philanthropic reasons.
Citizen science projects contribute to scientific research by the public
Which of the following functions of the skeletal system would be considered a metabolic function?
Many an intern or student has been sent home on his or her first day of work or class for wearing inappropriate ________.
The structure that acts like a hanging door to allow nasal resonance is called the [1].
Question 3.2: Now suppose that the amount of capital increases to 130 because of FDI, keeping total amount of labor fixed at 50. Solve for the amounts of labor and capital used in both sectors now.
A nurse is implementing an educational program about the importance of being physically active. Which of the following steps would the nurse complete first?
ACME COMPANY NARRATIVE:  1.  You are a new Field Salesperson for ACME Safe Company and you are replacing Wilbur Haag who was promoted to a National Account Manager position. 2.  You've been assigned an existing sales territory with Wholesale Distributor customers who sell safes to other businesses. 3.  This is your first trip around your territory visiting with your customers and prospective customers. 4.  ACME has the #1 market share (~35% nationally but varies from market to market) of the small, less expensive (and lower margin: ~20% nationally) business safes. 5.  ACME has a strong #2 market share (~24% nationally but varies from market to market) of the larger, more expensive (and higher margin: ~55% nationally) business safes. 6.  ACME has recently introduced an expanded line of large, high margin safes with intention of growing this category's market share. 7.  Additionally, a functional pricing discount program for ACME's large, high margin safes has been recently introduced for those ACME distributors that carry both the small & large safes AND agree not to sell/stock competitive safe brands. This often results in customer gross margins for small and large safes to exceed 22% and 40%, respectively. 8.  This new pricing program includes discounts for quantity buys, minimum stock-on-hand, and annual sales mix of high margin products. ACCOUNT SITUATION: 1.  You are meeting for the first time with ACME's Birmingham wholesale distributor, Warehouse Equipment & Supply Company (WESCo) that buys and re-sells ACME small safes to businesses. 2.  WESCo has been a highly profitable ACME customer for 5 years. 3.  You are meeting with the WESCo's Manager, Arne Anderson who has been with WESCo for 6 years and has a reputation for liking the ACME brand and products and works well with our sales organization. 4.  ACME has one other distributor in the Birmingham market, Birmingham Office Products, but does not stock our small or large safes and occasionally buys our small safes as needed for their customers. 5.  ACME data indicates that the market for small, low cost safes has seen modest growth since 2017 of 8.6%. 6.  ACME customer data indicates that WESCo's purchases ($) of ACME small, low cost safes has seen a decline since 2017 of 5.2%. 7.  Although Arne is a fan of ACME products, WESCo has bought and stocked LOCKRIGHT) large safes driven primarily by ACME's lack of a complete line of large safes for WESCo's customers. ACCOUNT VISIT: Arne is excited to see you and you notice a few things during your visit: 1.  ACME Safe related product banners, brochures and product guides seen in the sales desk area. 2.  Warehouse was lightly stocked with ACME small safe products and heavily stocked with LOCKRIGHT large safes. 3.  Arne is excited to see you because he's noticed a drop in his small safe sales since your predecessor (Wilbur Haag) was promoted to a National Account Manager and promptly left the territory 6 months ago, leaving Arne with no ACME sales representative. 4.  Arne notes that when WESCo began carrying the ACME brand of small safes, Wilbur helped him develop a marketing plan each year that helped WESCo reach a leading share of the market in 2017. However, Wilbur did not help with plans for 2018 and 2019.  Arne also expressed concern regarding the declining GM% he's able to earn on small safes.  Arne's not sure if it's competitor pressures, but does know his price from ACME has gone up each year that he's been a customer.  Wilbur indicated that WESCo's current small safe GM% of 12% was very reasonable for an ACME account with a strong small safe market share. 5.  Arne does acknowledge that his LOCKRIGHT sales rep stops by often to manage his inventory including making purchase recommendations to keep the right product in stock.   Arne also noted that he has a strong large safe market share of 25%, and achieves a 20% gross margin on these large safe sales. 6.  Arne can't make it for dinner, but would like you to come back in the morning and meet with his sales team that is relatively new and did not benefit from the training and market planning that was done back in 2017 with Wilbur. Q3:  Select the "BEST 5" OBSERVATIONS from the ACME Narrative, Account Situation and Visit to WESCo.  (15pts)    Best OBSERVATIONS...are those that have the most significant positive or negative impact on maximizing WESCo's sales of ACME products! A)  Arne has not had an ACME specific marketing plan since 2017 & no ACME sales support in 6 months.  B)  ACME recently introduced a new and complete line of large safes.  C)  WESCo's warehouse was only lightly stocked w/ACME small safes.  D)  Appropriate brand and product communication materials were seen in WESCo's order desk area.  E)  ACME has another Birmingham distributor, but not capable of being a market leader in business safe sales.  F)  It appears that Arne has experienced a good amount of turnover in his sales team since 2017.  G)  Wilbur assured Arne that a 12% GM on small safe sales was typical for ACME customers with leading market share. H)  WESCo carries the LOCKRIGHT large safes and has a full inventory of the product.  I)  Arne has seen declining GM% on his small safe sales since 2017.  J) ACME recently launched a lucrative functional discount pricing program for those customers choosing ACME as their single-source for small and large business safes.
The areolar tissue located in the dermis allows for the function of:
________ is the tendency to ignore evidence that disproves ideas or beliefs.
Which bacterial cell type has teichoic acid?
Humans loose heat largely through their______.
