Imagine two beakers of limewater labeled "A" and "B". Into beaker A, Kim bubbles room air using a pipette.  Into Beaker B, Kanye exhales lung air using a straw.  What do you expect to happen, and why?
An intervention for pediatric oncology adherence promotion includes a videogame in which youth with cancer navigate a nanobot to engage in positive self-care behaviors. Although the benefit is unclear, this research supports the way of the future - using videogames, apps and technology to promote adherence behaviors. What is this videogame intervention called?
Which of the following energy systems produces the lowest capacity of ATP thus working primarily for short duration exercise?
The cell theory states:
The provider orders a tonsillectomy for the patient. In which section of the SOAP note would this be recorded?
A 40-year-old patient was admitted to the hospital with acute cholecystitis and a palpable spleen. A CBC was performed: Hemoglobin, 13.0 g/dL; MCV, 80 fL; Hct, 38%; MCH, 28 pg; Retic, 7%; MCHC, 36%; RPI, 3.9; Coombs' test negative; spherocytes, 2+; anisocytosis, 2+; poikilocytosis, 2+. Which of the following disorders is consistent with the laboratory profile?
Which finding in the client with HIV disease who is receiving highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) indicates that the treatment is effective?
Which of the following processes requires NO energy input in order to move substances across a cell membrane?  (The movement can be into the cell, out of the cell, or both.)
This is the site of fertilization
The client receives gentamicin intravenous in the clinical setting. What is a priority nursing action?
What is the resistance of 1.0 m of a solid cylindrical metal cable having a diameter of 0.40 inches (1 in = 2.54 cm) and a resistivity of 1.68 x 10^-8 O [?] m?
Which of the following ganglia is used only by the parasympathetic division of the ANS?
True or False: All of the following are considered staple crops. Rice Corn Wheat Soybeans Potatoes Apples
Physical activity, when planned and taught properly, is "education about the physical."
Find the arc length of the graph of the function  over the interval [1,2].
True or False: Is
Find the indicated probability.An airline knows from experience that the distribution of the number of suitcases that get lost each week on a certain route is approximately normal with m = 15.5 and s = 3.6. What is the probability that during a given week the airline will lose more than 20 suitcases?
In general, a site that ranks higher on a search page
Extra Credit:  Write your name on the scratch paper you used during the exam.  Take a picture of all your scratch paper/work.  Send me an email (gcmiller@collin.edu) with all of the images attached.  Images must be received  within 15 minutes from when you finish taking the exam.  It's okay if the work is messy or sloppy (see example below).   If you didn't use any scratch paper -- how did you work out those math/genetics problems?
2.1 Aqui esta [ans1]        (1)
