Read the following passage and the information about its source. Then determine whether the "Using the source" sentence uses the source appropriately. Select "could be considered plagiarism" if the sentence is not acceptable. Select "uses the source appropriately" if the sentence uses and acknowledges the source appropriately.Original source:Radio was a new thrill for many Americans in the twenties, but it had extraordinary value for the isolated farm families of the Midwest, for whom solitude loomed as a daily problem. Radio was a source of music and fun, information and weather reports, and it was an easy way to enjoy the pleasure of other people's company. In-person visiting was a special event that often meant putting on dress clothes and serving cakes and lemonade and gathering politely in the parlor; frequently the press of chores or bad weather made that impossible. But with a radio, women could continue their housework as they listened to a friendly voice; men working in the barn had access to weather reports and farm programs.From:Stern, Jane, and Michael Stern. Two for the Road: Our Love Affair with American Food. Houghton Mifflin, 2005.The passage appears on page 103.Using the source:Jane Stern and Michael Stern note that because many Midwestern farm families were isolated, radio provided a new thrill and extraordinary value (103).
The Law of Thermodynamics that states that energy cannot be created or destroyed is the A) Third Law of Thermodynamics B) First Law of Thermodynamics C) Second Law of Thermodynamics D) Fourth Law of Thermodynamics
Holding a political office for which one is running is called:
A woman is admitted to the hospital with signs of an ectopic pregnancy. The nurse knows that these would include:
Word Key estampadas           faldas          moradas  negra            probarme       traje    ...dos (2) __________, ...
During heat stress one of the primary factors affecting plant performance is reduced catalysis from certain enzymes. Why is this problematic specifically with respect to the rates of respiration and photosynthesis?
The smallest unit of biological structure that meets the functional requirements of "living" is the _______.
According to Enns, the church began ______.
The primary objective of keyword bidding is to:
Phase of the menstrual cycle targeted by most forms of hormonal contraception
Based on the Thermic Effect of Food, it would take the body longer to digest a cookie versus a piece of chicken.
3.3   Vind die laagdruksel gemerk L1.          b)   Verduidelik, met behulp van 'n benoemde diagram, hoe frontale reen by hierdie laagdruksel gevorm word. Maak seker om die volgende te noem:   (8)           die front koue lugmassa warm lugmassa beweeging van die lug wolktipe en posisie reenvalgebied.
Sleep debt is best described as the:
Reframing, in the form of positive affirmations:
Using natural language for requirements: (check all that apply)
Muscle tissue that is involuntary and striated:
When assessing a patient with a head injury, you note the presence of thin, bloody fluid draining from his right ear. This indicates:
Open Quiz Below
Which of the following is the best example of a prop?
The female gametophyte of a gymnosperm becomes the _________ in a mature seed.
