What is the empirical formula of the compound which contains 1.75 mol C and 3.50 mol H?
Mortgage loans on commercial properties represent the largest portion of mortgage debt outstanding.
The shift to food production occurred during the
Which of the following is true of all protists?
How should the following transaction be classified in the cash flow statement? The purchase of land that cost $450,000 by issuing a mortgage note payable to the seller for $450,000.
Based on this organism's skull we would classify it as [1] and [2].
Which of the following is not usually an insurable loss?
Disparate visual elements can be linked together with a common idea. This is ________ unity.
Faridi and colleagues (2008) studied the cardioprotective benefits of dark chocolate in healthy adults. They measured endothelial function as flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) which is a percent change in the brachial artery diameter from before cuff inflation to 60 seconds after cuff release. They measured subjects' FMD and then they had the subjects eat dark chocolate. Following consumption, they re-measured subjects' FMD. They reported that "After consumption of a single dose of solid dark chocolate, flow-mediated dilatation improved from baseline (4.3 + 3.4% compared with -1.8 + 3.3%; p
What propagation method is sometimes called micro propagation?
Which area in a malnutrition physical exam would indicate fat loss?
Frequent cause of hyponatremia in geriatric patients
According to the following reaction, how many grams of sulfur are formed when 37.4 g of water are formed?                 2 H2S(g) + SO2(g)  -  3 S(s) + 2 H2O(l)
When quoting dialogue between two or more characters in a play, you do not have to distinguish which character says what.
Which of the following is true about threshold for an action potential?
Assume that an array was declared as int[] numbers = new int[10]; What is a value of numbers.length?
What does the circuit symbol in the figure mean?
12)  From a paper titled "Strength of a bifurcated H bond", the authors examined different amino acid side group interactions with a peptide made of phenylalanine (Phe26), two of which are illustrated below.     The schematic below zooms in on the functional groups involved in secondary interactions between the Phenylalanine's peptide backbone amide linkage (Phe26) and the side groups of peptides made of four different amino acids (Valine, Cysteine, Threonine, Serine).  The zoomed-in FTIR region below is of the carbonyl stretching mode of the Amide 1 band which arises from the amide linkage in all the peptide backbones.  Note, the peaks won't match the wavenumbers given in the formula sheet because the authors isotopically labeled the Phe26 carbonyl group (shown as red bond) with 13C and 18O.  The hydrogen bonds (H-bonds) to the backbone N-H of the amide groups are shown in orange, while bifurcated H-bonds to side groups of the four different amino acids are shown in purple. The FTIR spectra below these illustrations show the amide I peak (from isotopically labelled C=O) of the four interacting amino acids that were tested with corresponding peak colors (if anyone is color blind, the peaks correspond in order of the illustrations from left to right).  The wavenumber shifts relative to the non-polar valine side group (shown in schematic above and below), which is labeled Val30, are marked with double-sided arrows.     Answer the following 3 questions, and include labels to indicate which part you are answering (A to C). A) Why is the amide 1 region of all of these peaks shifted to a lower wavenumber region than indicated for Amide I in the table provided in the formula sheets? B) Explain the reason for the shift and its directionality from the black Val30 curve to the brown Cys30 curve. C) Both the green Thr30 and aqua Ser30 peaks are close to each other, but greatly shifted relative to the Val30 peak.  Although you may not know anything about these amino acids, based on the chemistry illustrated, offer a viable reason as to why these peaks (Thr30 and Ser30) are more shifted than the Cys30, even though all three seem to have a similar bifurcated H-bond.
Peppers are an excellent source of vitamin C in the diet.
Choose the correct responses:  0.86 M HClO3 and 0.76 M NaClO3 [Buffer1] 0.72 M (C2H5)2NH and 0.91 M (C2H5)2NH2Cl [Buffer2] 0.64 M HC3H3O3 and 0.54 M NaC3H3O3 [Buffer3]
