Name the number 5
A child is being seen in the clinic for constipation. The nurse will instruct the child and family on a high fiber diet.  Which of the following would the nurse recommend as high fiber foods.  Select all that apply
A woman purchased a vineyard, financing a large part of the purchase price by a loan from an investor that was secured by a mortgage on the land. The mortgage agreement with the investor included an acceleration clause and further provided that a defaulting borrower waives her right to redeem once foreclosure proceedings have begun. The investor properly recorded his mortgage. Three years later, the woman needed additional money to upgrade her harvesting equipment. She obtained a loan from a friend, also secured by a mortgage on the land. The friend properly recorded her mortgage. The next year, there was an unusually dry season in the region and the vineyard yielded a poor harvest. The woman failed to make payments to either the investor or the friend. The balance on the loan from the investor was $100,000, and the balance on the loan from the friend was $15,000. The investor instituted foreclosure proceedings in a jurisdiction that provides a statutory right of redemption. The day before the judicial sale, the woman won a $60,000 prize in a wine competition. She quickly contacted the investor and offered to pay off both loans in full. Because the win at the competition had greatly increased the value of the property, the investor refused the woman's offer. The investor was hoping to buy the property at the judicial sale. If the woman seeks to force the investor to accept her offer, will she likely prevail?
Write a short, 2-3 sentence response as to why propaganda poetry was introduced during World War I.
The carpels of a flower make up which whorl?
A patient who undergoes a chest CT will receive approximately how much dose?
The antibody-binding site of an antibody is made up of
Of special note in ____________ communities is the potential of dual relationships between the Social Worker and their clientele. These relationships refer to the proximity of Social Workers living and working in the same environment, where clients may be neighbors or members of similar social groups.
Sonographers often use a space for between the vaginal walls and cervix for transvaginal imaging. What is this space called?
The point of connection between the stomach and the duodenum is the
The following information is from the records of Armadillo Camera Shop:    Accounts receivable, December 31, 2019 $20,000 (debit)   Allowance for Bad Debts, December 31, 2019, prior to adjustment 600 (debit)   Net credit sales for 2019 95,000   Accounts written off as uncollectible during 2019 350     Bad debts expense is estimated by the aging-of-accounts-receivables method. Management estimates that $2,850 of accounts receivable will be uncollectible. Calculate the amount of net accounts receivable after the adjustment for bad debts.
Why do you think Mrs. Sanchez felt better when she got into the ambulance?
If a microbe grows in both aerobic and anaerobic environments, then this microbe could possibly be (select all that apply):
What structure in the brain produces melatonin which helps regulate sleep-wake cycle?
A client is exhibiting Kussmaul's respirations, abdominal discomfort and lethargy. The nurse takes a bedside blood glucose and the level is 336 mg/dL. Which additional test should be conducted?
________ immigration came to an abrupt end with the Exclusion Act of 1882. This act was a result of anti-immigrant sentiment due to a depressed economy and loss of jobs. White workers blamed these migrants for taking their jobs. Because these men did not have the funds to return to their homeland, or to bring their families to the United States, they remained physically and culturally segregated in areas of large cities.
A patient exhibits the following symptoms: tachycardia, increased thirst, headache, decreased urine output, and increased body temperature. After analyzing these data, the nurse assigns which of the following nursing diagnoses?
What is the empirical formula of a compound that is 66.6% C, 11.2% H, and 22.2% O by mass?
True or false?  "Kepler's Second Law states that a line from the Sun to a planet sweeps out equal area of space in equal time intervals."
On a Reflexology chart, both the right and left foot have identical pictures of all of the body's organs.
