What is the main problem with companies accepting blame for service failures that are caused by the customer?
An abuse victim in the ED says she believes there is nothing she can do about her abusive situation with her violent spouse. What would be the primary nursing diagnosis for her situation?
According to Piaget, when old ideas are restructured to include new experiences, it is called "_____."
Which hormone regulates circadian rhythm?
Because of microbial growth limits, lowering pH is an effective way to preserve foods and prevent the growth of microorganisms and can also be used as a critical control point in Hazard Analysis plans. Additionally, some manufacturers adjust pH to change flavor. This is often done through pickling or fermentation. The most common way to lower pH is through fermentation. Fermentation relies on "good" bacteria to produce lactic acid, which then lowers the pH of the product and prevents the growth of other types of organisms. Pickles, sauerkraut, and olives all use this strategy. pH can also be controlled by adding acid (vinegar, lactic acid, citric acid) directly to the product, or by adding naturally acidic ingredients like tomatoes in spaghetti sauce. Table 1 shows the minimum pH limits for the growth of different types of microorganisms.  Most microorganisms stop growing at a pH of 5.0.  Some microorganisms can go as low as 4.6 and even down to 4.4. Historically, a pH of 4.6 was considered to be the lower growth limit, but portions of the food code were changed when it was discovered that some problematic microbes can grow in pH levels as low as 4.2. Table 2 shows the packing pH of several popular condiments in the grocery store. Once a condiment is opened, exposure to air causes oxidation, which increases the pH over time.  Reduced exposure to air and refrigeration slow oxidation.    Table 1. Minimum and Maximum pH limits for the growth of different types of microorganisms.     Microorganism   Minimum   Optimum   Maximum       Clostridium perfringens   5.5 - 5.8   7.2   8.9     Vibrio vulnificus   5   7.8   10.2     Racillus cereus   4.9   6 - 7   8.8     Campylobacter spp.   4.9   6.5 - 7.5   9     Shigella spp.   4.9       9.3     Vibrio parahaemolyticus   4.8   7.8 - 8.6   11     Clostridium botulinum toxin   4.6       8.5     Clostridium botulinum growth   4.6       8.5     Enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli   4.4   6 - 7   9     Listeria monocytogenes   4.39   7   9.4     Salmonella spp   4.21   7 - 7.5   9.5     Yersinia enterocolitica   4.2   7.2   9.6         Table 2.  Packing pH of Popular Condiments Bought in the Grocery Store.     Type   pH       Strawberry Preserves   3.7     Yellow Mustard   3.6     Hot Sauce   3.6     Mediterranean Italian Dressing   3.8     Ranch Dressing   3.9         Asian Toasted Sesame Dressing   4.1         Ketchup   3.6         Mayonnaise   4.1         French Dressing   3.4         Barbecue Sauce   3.8
What numeral system did the Egyptians use?
Phenobarbital 50mg bid is ordered for a child weighing 22kg. The safe dose range for this drug is 3-6mg/kg/dose. What is the safe dose range?
49. The final results of care, treatment and services  is a ______________performance measure a. systems
Brooke has fallen asleep on the beach. Eight guys get into a circle around her and one gets real close and screams, "snake" into her ear. When she jumps up screaming in fright, they all start laughing at her. What tort have they committed?
Suppose Jim makes a written offer to buy Carol's property that expires two days later at 5:00 p.m. The next day, Jim finds a property he likes better and decides to withdraw his offer. Which of the following statements is true?
Which Abbot is considered the founding spirit of the Gothic style?
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 protects men and women against gender-based pay decisions
A common purpose of many companies' facilities in foreign trade zones is ________.
The nurse has provided discharge instructions and education for the client who is preparing to discharge from the hospital. What is the most critical element of documentation of education?
Name at least one pre-reading strategy, one reading strategy and one post reading strategy from the online reading.
The practice of TAB originated in public schools many years ago.
When examining the relations between the age of a car (nonclassic) and its value, what kind of correlation would you expect to find?
Choose the best completion for each item. 4- Marta esta enferma. No esta:
An adult male with chronic bronchitis comes to the clinic for a routine follow-up appointment. His bronchitis has been stable and his only medication is an albuterol inhaler which he uses as needed. Today, he is talking in short phrases and seems breathless. He tells the intake nurse that he feels short of breath and his chest feels tight. Vital signs are: temperature - 98.8F, pulse - 120, respirations - 24, blood pressure - 150/94. His blood pressure usually averages 130/80. On physical examination, the nurse practitioner notes the patient is visibly dyspneic and is using accessory muscles. His breath sounds are barely audible on auscultation. What is the most probable diagnosis?
VRAAG 1.2 KIES DIE REGTE ANTWOORD     1.2   Kies die korrekte woord tussen hakkies.         1.2.1   Die (Makro-omgewing / Mikro-omgewing) staan   ook bekend as die interne omgewing.   (2)
