You need to pipet 256 microliters of fluid.   Which pipetman would be most appropriate?
No written work is required for this problem. Sarah is traveling to two cities this summer. In Denver, the hotel costs $107 per night, and in Miami, the hotel costs $93 per night.  She can stay a total of 10 nights and has a hotel budget of $972. She wants to determine how many nights she should stay in each city to use all of his budget. a) Identify what the variables (x and y) would represent in this situation. Be specific. x = [n1] y = [n2] b) Write the system of equations for this situation (DO NOT SOLVE IT.) Equation 1: [n3] Equation 2: [n4]
The fruit fly, Drosophilia melanogaster, is known to lay its eggs in rotting fruits.  The larvae (or maggots) will feed on the fruit while they grow and develop.  The fruit fly is also a very important organism in biological research.  By studying this organism, scientists have identified genes and patters of expression that are important in embryonic development. 1. The fruit fly is a [___stome]. 2. The  fruit fly is a [___blast]. 3. The fruit fly is [coelom].
a) During what stage of cellular respiration is oxygen used? b) What is the role of the oxygen in aerobic cellular respiration?
RNA monomers contain all except:
Choose the item that doesn't belong.
White matter is to gray matter as _____ is(are) to _____.
What prerequisite class focuses on the definition of common medical terms and their relation to medical diseases and procedures?
All of the following are functions of the cell membrane EXCEPT:
Quiz6_SP21.pdf
Glycolysis occurs where in the cell?
A person is a type of mammal.
One of the goals of Healthy People 2020 is to increase life expectancy.
Utility refers to the:
How many grams of C will be consumed when 4.5 grams of Na2SO4 react according to the balanced reaction shown? Na2SO4 + 2 C - Na2S + 2 CO2
These cells of the immune system, called __________________ only become phagocytic when they encounter infectious material in tissues.
Name an example of a positive feedback loop within the human body.
Briefly explain what the US is doing to "overhaul the H-1B Visa program" (Hint: we chatted about it class and posted the related WSJ article in Canvas).
When mHealth Apps and Devices Fail Kenneth Lee 2021   1          The explosive proliferation of mobile health (mHealth) continues to generate considerable interest. A review conducted by the University of Chicago showed that most publicly available mobile health apps are designed for patients. Most target wellness and disease management, with others for self-diagnosis. 2          However, most mHealth apps have not been rigorously tested, so we can't be certain that they make good on their promises. My purpose is not to deny that mHealth technology can transform health care and health outcomes in positive ways, but to illustrate how defective mHealth apps and devices could lead to serious consequences. An mHealth app or device could be invalid, unreliable, or not evidence-based. 3          Many mHealth apps and devices are designed to measure such parameters as blood glucose, blood pressure, physical activity, lung function, oxygen levels, and cardiac rhythms. An invalid app or device measures the parameter inaccurately by underestimation, overestimation, or misclassification. Consider an app that connects to a glucose strip reader to transform the smartphone into a glucose meter. If the app displays an invalid glucose reading and recommends an incorrect dose of insulin, the patient could suffer dangerously low or high glucose levels after the insulin is administered. 4          Some parameters are categories. An invalid app would miscategorize the parameter. Joel A. Wolf and his colleagues from the University of Pittsburgh evaluated the accuracy of smartphone apps that were designed to analyze photographs of skin lesions and estimate the likelihood that the lesions were melanomas. Three of the four apps misclassified 30 percent or more of true melanomas as benign. 5          An unreliable app or device produces excessive variation when measuring parameters that have not changed. For example, an unreliable glucose measurement app can indicate that the user's stable blood glucose has changed significantly. 6          Apps and devices not based on scientific evidence could deliver assessments or suggest treatments that are useless or even harmful. An intermediate scenario is that the mHealth technology does not provide features or components which are known to be beneficial. In either case, if a physician-used asthma app fails to recommend evidence-based treatments (such as inhaled steroids), the patient could suffer. 7          Health care providers are expected to exercise clinical judgment in deciding whether to act on information presented by apps or devices. But a defective app can appear trustworthy. Patients or general consumers (the largest audience for mHealth apps) are even less able to judge the accuracy of an app or device. 8          Experts argue that randomized controlled trials (usually considered the gold standard in research) are required to validate mHealth apps and their underlying principles. In particular, we should look for trials with large samples and long follow-ups. Some randomized controlled trials have been conducted. For example, a 2019 study used a randomized controlled trial to evaluate the effectiveness of a mental health mobile app for well-being and stress reduction in working women. The study found that those who used the app had significant improvement in work-related well-being as well as decreased stress. 9          However, there are challenges with using randomized controlled trials when studying mHealth apps. One study noted that waiting groups or placebos are often used in randomized controlled trials. In some cases, withholding treatment is not appropriate. They concluded the most useful approach when studying these mHealth apps may be to compare outcomes for patients using the apps with those receiving treatment in an outpatient setting. 10        A defective app can be removed from the marketplace, like Pfizer's Rheumatology Calculator app, which was generating inaccurate scores for evaluating disease activity in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. But removal from online markets only prevents new downloads. What about apps already downloaded onto the user's smartphone or tablet? If the user is unaware of the danger, the risk persists. 11        Although we should be aware of their risks and limitations, mHealth apps also have the potential to encourage people to make healthier choices and take more responsibility.
Complete the sentence with the correct answer. Ves con los__________
