Compute the number of sales representatives needed based on the workload method.  There are 40 A accounts that are seen 40 times per year.  There are 100 B accounts that are seen 15 times per year.  There are 150 C accounts that are seen 6 times per year.  Salespeople are expected to average 3 calls per day, work in the field 5 days a week, and work 45 weeks a year.  They spend approximately 80% of their time selling.   Please show your calculations to receive full credit.
Sebaceous glands
During the lecture on gender inequality in the family, we discussed that today, most households have dual earners.  Specifically, today, more than 50% of women work outside the home during the "first shift" (where money is earned working by both  male and female workers).  In your essay, discuss the term "second shift" and indicate not only what this means in relation to gender and the family (defined) but also the impacts that this has on relationships and individuals.
Ignoring someone or giving them the "cold shoulder" without an explanation for why you are ignoring them is known as...
The information for Butler Company will be used for 2 Questions, 10 and 11.  Butler Company produces tea sets. The following sales have been predicted for the third quarter of the year:  Month                         Sales units July                             10,000 sets      August                        11,000 sets September                     9,000 sets The finished goods inventory on hand July 1st was 2,000. The ending finished goods inventory is budgeted at 20 percent of the next month's sales. The sets sell for $200 each. October sales are estimated at 8,000 sets.  It takes 3 pounds of direct materials to produce one tea set at a price of $5 per pound and ending direct material inventory is budgeted at 10% of the direct materials required for production during the next month.  How many tea sets should be produced in July?
Tallahassee is a hub for aspiring international Motocross riders who train at a local Motocross school.
Which complaint, made by a client who has been diagnosed with retinal detachment, would require immediate attention?
A family has experienced a nonnormative life event. Which of the following best describes this situation?
A pollen grain is
Which of the following would make a good topic sentence?
Devices that are designed with crevices increase the risk of corrosion because of a chemical (ionic) concentration gradient  between the locale of the crevice and surrounding regions.
Which of the following is NOT a part of the lymphatic system?
This article title is correctly handled:  "The Gender Wage Gap Lie."
In Gram stain procedure, the crystal violet is referred to as a counter stain
A 39-year-old is diagnosed with a duodenal ulcer. Which of the following behaviors may have contributed to the development of the ulcer?
If the Federal Government sends out $1,400 stimulus checks early in the calendar year, which component of the GDP will be impacted?
True or False: The flexion withdrawal reflex is an example of a stretch response.
When collecting a peak or trough specimen for therapeutic drug monitoring, the test is considered
What occurs at the final appointment in the crown and bridge process?
___________________ aquifers are located in-between permeable layers of rock or soil. In these types of aquifer, the water table is open to the atmosphere.
