Irony is a form of "flouting the maxims".
A sample of n = 15 scores ranges from a high of X = 11 to a low of X = 3.  If these scores are placed in a frequency distribution table, how many X values will be listed in the first column?
Modify the data file according to the instructions below. Upload your finished work to Canvas using the link. The Farm Fresh Market wants an easier way to keep track of the shelf life of fresh vegetables. Perform the following tasks to help them:  Open the data file associated with this test in Canvas. Save the workbook using the file name Farm Fresh Market Complete. Apply the Vapor Trail theme to the worksheet. Format the data as a table using the style Lime, Table Style Medium 5. Adjust column widths so that all column headings are fully visible. Enter the following numeric data in the Sell By Date column, rows 3 through 15:    Sell By Date   10/11/2020   10/13/2020   10/20/2020   10/21/2020   10/15/2020   10/23/2020   10/22/2020   10/22/2020   10/15/2020   10/19/2020   10/25/2020   10/14/2020   10/17/2020     Create three new calculated columns: Shelf Life, Days Left and Grade. The formula for calculating the Shelf Life is = [Sell By Date] - [Stock Date]. The formula for calculating the Days Left is = [Sell By Date] - currentDate. (Hint: currentDate is a named cell.) The Grade column will require you to create a lookup table, shown below. Type the heading Grade Table eightcolumns to the right of cell H1; apply the same font style, font size and background color as in cell A1 to the heading. Underneath the Grade Table heading, enter the subheadings and data from the table below. For the Days Left and Grade subheadings, apply the same font style and background color as in cell A1; apply font size 11. Merge and center as appropriate. No lines or borders are needed.    Grade Table   Days Left Grade   0 F   3 D   7 C   9 B   14 A     Use the VLOOKUP function to fill in the values for the Grade column of the data table. Use the Grade Table for the lookup values. The numbers in the Days Left column represent the minimum number of additional days the product may be left on the shelf for each grade. Add conditional formatting to the Product ID and Grade columns so that the product ID and letter grade of produce with a grade of "D" are formatted with a bold font, color Orange, Accent 2 (column 6, row 1), surrounded by a solid border, color Orange, Accent 2 (column 6, row 1), no fill. Create an output area. Enter the heading Output Area in cell J10; apply the same font style, font size and background color as in cell A1. Merge and center cells J10 through L10. Starting in cell J11 and going down, fill in the following labels: Grade A Count, Grade C Count, Grade D Count, Vegetable Count and Fruit Count. Use the COUNTIF function to fill in the appropriate counts in cells L11 through L15. Create a treemap:  Sort the table by Type and then select the range B2:D15. Insert a treemap chart and apply the second chart style. Remove the legend. Move the chart to a new worksheet, named Treemap Chart. Change the font size of the chart title to 32 and type Farm Fresh Market Stock Dates as the new title. Change the font size of the data labels to 18. Apply the Banner label option to the data series. Display the Category name and Value data labels and separate the labels by placing Value on a new line. Save the workbook.   Protect the worksheet Farm Fresh Market and lock cells for editing so that only the data in the following columns of the table can be edited: Product ID, Type, Produce, Stock Date and Sell By Date. Do not use a password to protect the worksheet. Save the workbook. Farm Fresh Market has decided to change the product ID numbers to make them easier to read and remember in the future.  Create a new worksheet named Product ID. Copy the Product ID column data from the Farm Fresh Market worksheet into the same cells on the new worksheet and adjust the column width to best fit. In cell B3, use the TEXT function to convert the product numbers to text with a hyphen between the fifth and sixth digits. (Use Excel's function help if necessary.) For example, "369718" should convert to "36971-8." Copy the TEXT function from B3 to the cells below so that all product numbers are converted.   Save the workbook and upload it to Canvas.
What is the oxidation number of carbon in carbon dioxide, CO2?
What is the MOST appropriate term to describe brain tissue damage from a cascade of biochemical, cellular, and molecular events; hypoxia; edema; and increased intracranial pressure?
According to studies, which form of evidence is the most incriminating one (likely to lead to a conviction)?
During the Civil War, General Ulysses S. Grant gained control of the ports along the Mississippi River EXCEPT FOR:
The lining of blood vessels is called
Which of the following are considerations for the nurse when educating a client about taking ibuprofen? Select all that apply.
A detached retina may be caused by
Research suggest that intrinsic motivation is vital for creativity.  Intrinsic motivation is the kind of motivation that comes from:
A nurse is admitting a patient to the orthopedic unit from the post-anesthesia care unit who had a right total hip arthroplasty. Which of the following is appropriate for the nurse to include in the plan of care for this patient?
Which of the following is true of the 5HTT gene?
Simple squamous epithelium is found
Which lane is likely the result of digestion with BamHI?
Marjorie Corporation acquired a building on January 1, 2018, for $660,000. The building had an estimated useful life of 15 years and an estimated residual value of $60,000. On January 1, 2020, Marjorie Corporation determined that the building could only be used for a total of 12 years and there would be no residual value. Compute depreciation expense for the year ending December 31, 2020, if Marjorie Corporation uses straight-line depreciation. (round to the nearest dollar)
_____ solution was introduced in the late 19th century for preventing gonococcal infections in a newborn's eyes after exposure to the mother's infected birth canal.
Your patient is receiving aggressive treatment for septic shock. Which findings demonstrate treatment is NOT successful? Select all that apply:
All else equal, rank markets on the consumer surplus that will be generated from them (rank low to high)
Someone who observes the sky every clear night in Boston for many years will NEVER get to see:
