You will be allowed to use one small piece of blank paper ONLY for this last question of the test. Show the paper to the camera so I can see that it is blank. Use this diagram to answer these questions. Type your answers in the corresponding box.  a. What is the DF of Bottle #1? b. What is the DF of Bottle #2? c. What is the DF of Bottle #3? d. If you plate 0.1 mL from Bottle #1 onto a nutrient agar plate, what is the final dilution factor (FDF) of plate? e. If you count 46 colonies on a plate with a final dilution factor of 10-6, what is the OCD of the sample? Use proper scientific notation.
SHOW YOUR WORK! Doctors prescribe medicine based on body weight.  How many milliliters of an antibiotic must be injected if the recommended dose is 2.85 mg antibiotic per kg body weight?  The patient weighs 147 lbs and the antibiotic is dissolved to form a solution with a concentration of 150.0 mg antibiotic per mL solution.  1kg  =  2.20 lbs. (Enter a number only - no units!)
Which of the following are true about aided audibility? Select two answers
The transition from an aquatic environment to a terrestrial environment required the development of ________, which kept plants from drying out when exposed to air.
A lateral radiograph of the cervical spine will BEST visualize the   intervertebral foramina zygapophyseal joints intervertebral joint spaces
One can do an extra programming assignment in CS 1436 for extra credit.
Explain how the size of the Zone of Inhibition relates to the effectiveness of a chemical disinfectant/antibiotic?  Why is there this correlation?
As blood glucose levels increase, insulin production decreases.
Zen Master Hakuin liked to speak about the
The developmental task of middle adulthood, generativity, could be fostered by:
Final Exam ENC 1102 Write a 700 word essay on one of the following topics.  Write a thesis that makes a clear connection between literary element and a meaning, emotion or effect that is created by that literary element.  You must narrow the topic you choose to a thesis that's suitable for an essay of this size.  Use the literary analysis format we have discussed in class and which is modeled in the sample paper on "Dulce et Decorum Est."  Be sure to use proper essay structure and to support your assertions with appropriate quotations and explanations of those quotations. You have TWO HOURS to complete this assignment.  You may use printed copies of "Cathedral," "Cinderella," "A Wall of Fire Rising" and "Somebody is Going to Have to Pay for This" and your annotated study guide for Departures.  You may have four sheets of scrap paper for planning your essay.  You may not use any other sources for this assignment. You may not use the internet, phone or any other media while writing this essay EXCEPT TO VIEW THE STORIES ON THE SAME SITES I GAVE YOU .  Plan ahead as you will not be allowed bathroom breaks.     In "A Wall of Fire Rising," several symbols represent the triumph of the human spirit over oppression. Discuss the symbolism of food in Departures. (Be sure to narrow this down to a thesis!) How is symbolism used to show acceptance of other people in "Someone is Going to Have to Pay for This?" Blindness is more than a description for Robert's disability in "Cathedral," it is also symbolic. Discuss how seeing and blindness represents Bub's inner conflict. In two stories (and/or movie), show how characterization shows initial alienation and eventual acceptance of one character or idea by the protagonists. In "Someone is Going to Have to Pay for This," setting represents __________________. Discuss the use of music in "Departures.       8. Discuss how animals create a particular meaning in any one story (or film) we've read.
INSTRUKSIES         1.   Hierdie vraestel bestaan   uit 4 vrae. Beantwoord AL die vrae.         2.   Volg die instruksies rakende die indiening van u antwoorde noukeurig.         3.  Nommer die antwoorde korrek volgens die nommeringstelsel wat in hierdie eksamen gebruik word.        4.   U mag 'n goedgekeurde (nie-programeerbare en nie-grafiese) sakrekenaar gebruik.         5.  Toon ALLE berekeninge duidelik.        6.  Rond ALLE antwoorde toepaslik volgens die gegewe konteks af, tensy anders vermeld.        7.  Dui meeteenhede aan waar van toepassing.        8.  Kaarte en diagramme word NIE volgens skaal geteken nie, tensy anders vermeld.        9.  Grafieke en skaaltekeninge MOET met die hand geteken word.        10.  Slegs PDF-formate word aanvaar as leeroplaai. As u foto's en skanderings gebruik, maak seker dat die beelde DUIDELIK en LEESBAAR is. Laai slegs EEN dokument op.        11.   'n Oplaai quiz is bygelas aan die einde van die quiz. Klink om NEXT en laai dan jou PDF dokument in die oplaai quiz.         12.   Benoem die opgelaaide dokument korrek. Gebruik die volgende formaat: MLIT_GR11A_T2_SBA004a_NAAM_VAN         13.   Geen dokumente sal per e-pos aanvaar word nie. Inhandiging wat nie in hierdie eksamen gedoen is nie, sal nie nagesien word nie
The compound CH3 - CH2 - SH is in the organic family known as
Celiac disease is best treated with a _________ diet.
The augmented limb leads are on the ____ plane.
A solution with a pH of 3 is
An astronaut applies a force of 500 N to an asteroid, and it accelerates at 5.00 m/s2. What is the asteroid's mass?
This is the science term for the central shaft of a bone: CH 6
A harmless beetle is colored with black and yellow stripes so that it resembles a yellow jacket.  This beetle's coloring is an example of
Meconium aspiration can pose significant issues for the neonate. What is the most important action for the RN to take immediately upon delivery of the neonate who has had aspirated meconium?
