On February 1, 2020, Carskadon Corporation factored receivables with a carrying amount of $655,000 to Leather Company. Leather Company assesses a finance charge of 1% of the receivables and retains 6% of the receivables. Relative to this transaction, you are to determine the amount of loss on sale to be reported in the income statement of Carskadon Corporation for February. Assume that Carskadon factors the receivables on a without recourse basis. The loss to be reported is
You are performing marketing research for the AT&T wish to predict whether or not a consumer will not renew, i.e., churn (1=Yes,0=No).  You run a linear discriminant analysis where the dependent variable is Churn (1 or 0) and the independent variables are the Value (consumer's yearly spend with AT&T) and Length (the length of time as a customer).  Which R command will you run to use the linear discriminant analysis?
Which of the following is NOT one of the four basic animal tissues?
When graphing data, the y-axis is known as the ordinate
BIRTH AND DEATH RATES IN SWEDEN AND MEXICO, 1900-2000  Source: Adapted from demographic data available from public domain sources, including http://pages.uwc.edu/keith.montgomery/demotrans/demtran.htm          Based on the graph, the increased availability of antibiotics and vaccines after circa 1955 is most clearly associated with
All signs require your palm to be facing the person you are signing to.
Which of the following would be an example of circumstances in which a client could be subjected to involuntary hospitalization? Select all that apply.
The nurse is assessing a client with an eating disorder. Which of the following personality characteristic would the nurse expect to detect when interacting with the client?
During normal times, an open market purchase tends to do which of the following?
How many total stereoisomers of the following are possible?
Two firms, Alpha and Beta, compete by price. Each can choose either a low price or a high price. The following payoff table shows the profit (in thousands of dollars) each firm would earn in each of the four possible decision situations:             Beta (italics)             Low price   High price     Alpha (Bold)   Low price   $1,000, $500   $375, $250     High price   $550, -$100   $575, -$200       What is the dominant strategy for Beta?
What type of tissue is found in the tunica media of the blood vessels?
See "Z-scheme" flow chart (below). Choose from the word list to indicate the missing parts of the light dependent reactions of photosynthesis, as represented in the "Z-scheme" flow chart. What does "38" represent?
The phosphocreatine (PCr) energy shuttle transports energy inside muscle cells during exercise from the____.
This parasitic mite was recovered from the hair coat of a goat in Alabama. Following identification of the mite, what should be your FIRST step?
Which of the following shows the correct conversion of midnight (12:00 a.m.) to military time?
What is the total amount of medicine, in grams, in this container of concentrated sodium chloride?
Which of the following is a core ethical obligation of HITs?
Answer the following question based on the following scenarioPatient with recent stroke, aphasic (unable to communicate) has been losing weight. The patient was taken to the dining room for main dining and placed at a table in front of the TV which was turned up. Patient's diet is pureed with a scoop plate, and long handled spoon. Pt is served a regular tray. After 20 minutes, the staff asked the patient why he hasn't eaten much food and laugh at how much food he has spilled on his clothes. Staff took him back to his room and marked his intake of 20% on the graphics. About 2 hours later, patient's family arrives and complains that he didn't eat lunch as is was still sitting in his room. As is turns out the correct tray was sent to his room for lunch instead of taken to the dining room where the patient actually ate. The nurse then heats the food on the lunch tray up, mixes it all together and proceeds to feed the patient since the correct utensils are not present. The family inquires as to what the resident is being served and the nurse replies "I don't know, this pureed stuff all looks the same, that's why I just mix it all together, maybe something in there will have some taste". 23. Which of the following tags would most likely be issued upon inspection? a. F813 - inadequate appearance, attractive, tasty foodb. F800 - food sitting out too long before served to patientc. F812 - temp of food not taken after heating in microwaved. F880 - patient spilling food on clothing
At the close of its first year of operations, December 31, 2020, Ming Company had accounts receivable of $1,620,000, after deducting the related allowance for doubtful accounts. During 2020, the company had charges to bad debt expense of $270,000 and wrote off, as uncollectible, accounts receivable of $120,000. What should the company report on its balance sheet at December 31, 2020, as accounts receivable before the allowance for doubtful accounts?
