2.  According to your lectures, Keynesian economic theory asserts that the federal government can cut taxes and increase spending during an economic downturn because
QUESTION 6     0,5mol H2(g) and 0,6mol Br2(g)  is combined in a 5.0dm3 flask and heated to 700 K. The reaction is exothermic : H2(g) + Br2(g) - 2HBr(g)     6.1   The concentration of HBr in the flask at equilibrium is 0.17 mol.dm-3. Calculate  Kc.   (8)     6.2   When the temperature is increased, will the Kc value INCREASE, DECREASE or STAY THE SAME? Use Le Chatelier's principle to explain your answer.   (4)     6.3   Consider the following graph and answer the questions that follow:   Right click on the following blue button to open the images for QUESTION 6, in a new tab.             6.3.1   Write a balanced equation that represents the exothermic reaction that takes place.   (3)     6.3.2   Give the time (s) when the system reaches equilibrium.   (2)     6.3.3   Name the disturbance that occurred at 14 s.   (2)     6.3.4   How will the value of the equilibrium constant after this disturbance change? Write only INCREASE, DECREASE or STAY THE SAME. Give a reason for your answer.   (3)     6.3.5   Name the conditions necessary for the reaction to reach equilibrium.   (2)     6.3.6   Name one other condition that will affect the equilibrium in this reaction and explain what the effect will be on the Kc-value if this condition increases.    (3)             [27]
One of the prominent ideas of this work has to do with the community ownership of property.
Find the median.
What kind of fallacy occurs in the following statement? (one answer only) Only a welfare mother can appreciate the plight of welfare mothers.
Consider the region R bounded by
In the latter part of Acts, who makes three journeys to spread the good news of Jesus?
5.1.3   Explain what Nat Turner did? (2x2)     (4)
Which statement about Malaria is correct?
The [a] plane is parallel to the long axis of the body. This plane also extends from side to side and divides the body into anterior and posterior sections
Which of the following is defined as a combination of employee characteristics and positive work environment that permit training?
In a client/server configuration the term "server" refers to the central computer equipment that houses the core resources.
How are the kinetic energies related between a 1000-kg car traveling at 15 m/s and a 7500-kg truck moving at 3.0 m/s?
How many pairs of posterior ribs should be showing above the diaphragm on a PA chest radiograph on deep inspiration?
Ainsley is participating in a study that aims to determine whether the occipital cortex becomes more active in response to moving versus stationary stimuli. When she arrives at the lab, she ingests a "tracer" and then enters the scanning machine. What type of brain imaging is most likely being conducted in this study?
In the process of nuclear fusion,
In the DSM-5, schizotypal personality disorder is recognized as a part of
Disease that results in poor blood clotting:
In the late nineteenth century, the most powerful socialist party in Europe was in
The demand curve shows the relationship between
