A curve is traced out according to the parametric equations x = tan-1 t ,  y = ln(t2 + 1).  a)   Find and simplify dy/dx.  b)   Find and simplify d2y/dx2.  c)    Find the slope of the line tangent to the curve when t = 2.  d)    Find d2y/dx2 when t = 2.
Injury to the brain due to head trauma occasionally with transient loss of consciousness
The increased length of the cardiac action potential (200-300 msec) is due to:
A charge nurse is evaluating a new nurse's plan of care. Which finding indicates to the charge nurse that the new nurse does not understand the steps to take in planning care?
A gene is larger than a chromosome.
Host defense mechanisms - ways in which the body protects itself from pathogens - can be thought of as an army consisting of how many lines of defense?
The following are components of the cell membrane (choose all that apply):
Postmodern culture questions the value of scientific reasoning and rational thought for solving society's problems.
The prescription reads: ampicillin 0.5 Gm PO every 6 hrs. The pharmacy has sent 250 mg capsules. How many capsules will the RN administer?
Using the SOAP method, where should you document the duration of your patient's present illness, in his words?
A marble of mass 20 grams is released from rest from the same height on three different ramps, as shown in figure below. For which ramp will the speed of the marble be greatest at the bottom? Assume all ramps are frictionless.
What steps has Nicolas Maduro taken with the Supreme Court, National Assembly, and National Constituent Assembly to centralize power in himself?
To set its sales force size, a company can first group accounts into different classes according to size, account status, or other factors related to the amount of effort required to maintain the account. It then determines the number of salespeople needed to call on each class of accounts the desired number of times. This is called the ______ approach.
You find a plant unfamiliar to you and observe that it has vascular bundles scattered throughout the stem cross section. What should you conclude about the plant?
Each of the following issues were raised by the genetics and ethics communities with respect to the case of the first gene-edited babies in China EXCEPT:
Which of the following sequences represents the hierarchy of biological organization from the least to the most complex level?
The 10-year loan for a project we are evaluating requires $275,000 in flotation costs. These costs can be straight-line amortized over the life of the loan. If our cost of debt is 7 percent and our tax rate is 25 percent, what is the NPV of the flotation costs?
The current perspective in psychology that emphasizes an inner drive to reach our potential or self-actualization is referred to as the __________ perspective.
If a fraudster is trying to conceal a fraudulent disbursement scheme, what question(s) should they  ask themselves if they don't want to get caught quickly?
Why were pea plants a good choice for Gregor Mendel's research on inheritance of traits?
