Design an abstract class called Shape. This class contains a single constructor that accepts a single numeric value that is used to calculate various values, one of which is area. Include an abstract mutator method called findArea that can be defined to find the area of any shape. Also provide a concrete accessor method to return the area.Design two concrete classes, Circle and Square, that inherit the class Shape. Each of these classes finds the respective area; i.e. area of circle and area of square.You are responsible for providing any relevant variable(s). NB: You are NOT required to write a test class.
The fact that 1.) it stops undesirable behavior but doesn't indicate what replacement behavior is appropriate and 2.) it may be associated with the wrong behavior are both potential limitations of:
3.7   Avontuurlike dinge wat Anna nog wil doen:   (1)             (i) vlerksweef(ii) in 'n hok ...................................(iii) ..................................................                   Totaal   (8)
What is the origin of the pinned structure [50]?
An organism with a body covering, a digestive tract, and a tissue filled region lying in between the two layers is referred to as
Briefly explain what happens in each of the steps of the PCR reaction as listed below along with the associated temperatures.  Denaturation Annealing Elongation
(estupendo) Jaime y Ana Maria bailaron  _______ .
Bill robbed a liquor store, but is found not guilty by a jury.  What type of error did the jury make?
Eccrine sweat glands are found in/on the:
As the risk manager for a chain a of stores that sells computers, televisions, and stereo systems and related items, one of your primary responsibilities is to control the risk of theft. After compiling detailed information about past theft events, you assigned one of your analysts to look into the events involving employee theft, specifically. The analyst identified the following statistically significant correlations between employee theft events and four other factors.  For each of the correlations she identified, (1) provide an interpretation and (2) explain whether or not the direction of the correlation that she found (shown in parentheses) seems logical.  Presence of security signals (e.g., warning signs, cameras) and employee theft (negative correlation) Employee age and employee theft (positive correlation) Employee turnover and employee theft (positive correlation) Consumer traffic through the store and employee theft (positive correlation)
The nurse is caring for a client with a carotid artery narrowing who has just returned after having a left carotid artery angioplasty and stenting. Which assessment finding is of most concern to the nurse?
A Section 162 plan is frequently referred to as an "Executive Bonus" plan.
What is the only venomous mammal species that occurs in Wisconsin?
How many arcseconds are in one arcminute?
The two most important positioning landmarks for the pelvis are the
Purulent urethral discharge in men or women may be a sign of: Neisseria gonorrhoeae
In an energy recovery plant, the fuel that is burned to produce electricity is:
Which of the following is NOT a function of the liver in adults?
Sternum is a(n)_______ bone.
Name structure labeled "A" [answer1] Name structure labeled "C" (pay attention and be specific) [answer2]
