PFK-1 is the key glycolytic enzyme being regulated by diverse molecules and signals.  In some organisms, allosteric effectors alter the quaternary structure of PFK-1, generating conformations where tetrameric PFK-1 is quite active and dimeric PFK-1 is much less active. a) provide a description at an amino acid and protein structure level of how the known allosteric effectors of PFK-1 might 'flip the switch' and result in this change of quaternary structure. Obviously, you are not responsible for the exact correct PFK-1 structure, just a model for how you envision this could work based upon your understanding of the molecules involved and amino acids/protein structural elements that can contribute to these conformational changes. b) based upon your description in part (a), provide distinct amino acid substitutions patterns (may require more than one amino acid substitution) you would make or engineer in your model for the quaternary structure switch that in one case would result in a constitutive or 'always on' on enzyme (always tetrameric) and in the second case an 'always low activity' dimeric structure.
The U.S. government is concerned that terrorists might try to crash a vehicle loaded with explosives into a U.S. embassy in a foreign country. Inside the gate to the embassy, they installed steel and cement posts in the road. These posts can be raised up from the ground to form a barrier against suicide bombers. The posts can be lowered back into the ground to allow safe vehicles to pass. This physical barrier system illustrates which risk management technique?
Sensory pathways are always afferent
A moraine is a
Which mesentery contains blood vessels that supply blood directly to the liver?
Statement One: The Bass method is NOT acceptable for ALL patients.  Statement Two: However, this method is effective at removing plaque at the gingival margin and directly below it.
The brightest object in the sky is
The portion of the kidney that is composed of cone-shaped renal pyramids is called the
53. When tracheostomy is done:
The company you are working for is having difficulty uniformly dyeing a polymer fiber.  Which of the following might you suggest to fix this problem and what would be your rationale?
Gerald is an engineer who believes that cybernetic theory can explain just about anything. When applying this theory to his daughter Mae as she is being potty-trained, Gerald might run into issues because:
Hayley has a snake phobia. She has always avoided situations in which she may encounter a snake, and she will even avoid viewing pictures of them. If Hayley's therapist approaches her problem from a behavioral perspective, he may use:
Smetana's Moldau draws on which Romantic inspiration?
The titration of 25.0 mL of an unknown concentration H2SO4 solution requires 83.6 mL of 0.12 M LiOH solution. What is the concentration of the H2SO4 solution (in M)?H2SO4 (aq) + 2LiOH(aq) - Li2SO4 (aq) + 2H2O(aq)
What condition would be treated with increased dietary fiber and fluids?
Which of the following is NOT true regarding the systemic circuit?
Which modern staging style does the classic Greek staging most resemble?
Where are the areas of highest NPP?
A nurse is planning a research project comparing the use of fingerstick blood glucose testing with the use of alternative sites for adult male clients. Which elements of the PICOT formulation of the clinical question still need to be defined? Select all that apply.
In Native American cultures, more than two genders are recognized. Those individuals that neither identify as neither male nor female are called _________________.
