At June 30, for the last twelve months a company had net income of $[x],000,000 and a weighted average number of shares outstanding of [y],000,000. On June 30, the company's stock was selling for $[z].00 per share on the New York Stock Exchange. The company is currently paying an annual dividend of $[w] per share. What is the earnings per share (EPS) for this firm's stock?  Enter your answer to two decimal places, e.g., 1.23.
Increasing productivity can be accomplished by all of the following methods EXCEPT:
Monocytes recognize foreign antigens and present them to which of the following cells?
The preferred starting point for describing movements of the human body is the
QUESTION 3
*Note: PIP2 is shown here to be involved in pathways other than the traditional one discussed in class. Receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) play a critical role in diverse cellular processes and their activity is regulated by lipids in the surrounding membrane, including PIP2 (phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate) in the inner leaflet. The juxtamembrane (JM) regions of RTKs are critical for inducing clustering of anionic lipids, including PIP2. Clustering is driven by interactions between a conserved cluster of basic residues within the first five positions of the JM region, and negatively charged lipid headgroups. In particular the N-terminal residues of the JM region are involved in the interactions with PIP2, whilst residues within the distal JM region exhibit less lipid specificity. RTKs are ubiquitous receptors in mammalian cell membranes. Almost all members of the human RTKs share a common molecular architecture consisting of a ligand-binding ectodomain, a single transmembrane (TM) helix, and an intracellular region composed of a flexible JM region followed by a protein kinase domain and a C-terminal region. RTKs location in membrane have shown a conserved relationship with other membrane elements. In vitro labeling studies with JM peptides and phospholipid vesicles showed the JM construct was able to induce PIP2 clustering in the inner membrane. Studies demonstrated strong binding between PIP2 and the JM region. Clustering of the anionic lipid phosphatidylserine (PS) around the JM region has also been observed. Most RTKs can exist as monomers in an inactive state. However, the insulin receptor (INSR) and insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor exist as constitutive disulfide-linked dimers. It is well established that ligand binding to the extracellular ectodomains promotes receptor dimerization, leading to activation of protein kinase activity within intracellular domains. The activated kinase domain of each monomer trans-autophosphorylates tyrosine residues in the C-terminal domain, JM region and/or activation loop of the opposing monomer leading to further downstream activation. RTK activity is regulated by multiple factors including phosphorylation by downstream trans-factors in feedback loops, clathrin-mediated inactivation, ubiquitination, and by cis-elements including the kinase domain activation loop and the JM region.  The JM region is not simply an inert linker between the TM section and the kinase domain. It serves important regulatory roles essential for activation of protein kinase activity, containing trafficking signal motifs and binding sites for calmodulin. Autoinhibition of protein kinase activity by the JM regions has been reported for numerous RTKs, as the JM regions form inhibitory contacts with the kinase domain, which must be disrupted for receptor activation to occur.  Figure 1: Regions and domains of receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs). Hedger G, Sansom MS, Koldso H. The juxtamembrane regions of human receptor tyrosine kinases exhibit conserved interaction sites with anionic lipids. Sci Rep. 2015;5:9198. Published 2015 Mar 17. doi:10.1038/srep09198
The Zulu Wars meant that
Jenny begs her father for a brownie at the bakery but he refuses to buy her one. Jenny continues to whine and complain until finally he breaks down and gets her the brownie. For Jenny, the brownie is a
Consider this picture. What panel are we viewing in Xcode?
The anion O22- is called
Read the description on the Left, and choose the answer fro the drop-down menue on the righter.  There are more choices than answers.
Identify the bone labelled '1'. Is this a right or left bone?
Which of the following is often occurs with diabetes?
The pentose phosphate pathway...
Give the equations of any asymptotes of the type specified for the graph of the rational function.f(x) = ; find the vertical asymptote
Choose the verb that best completes the sentence and conjugate it.  Nosotros __________ (escuchar, mirar)musica todos los dias
The form of circulatory shock known as hypovolemic shock is:
Water moves via osmosis _________.
11. What country below does not officially practice some form of Communism today?
Alveolar collapse shifts to pressure-volume curve to the ___________.
