Consider the different scheduling algorithms described in the Cache Affinity paper. Given the two different graphs from the paper shown below, why is it that Last Processor (LP), shown with the dark dashed lines in the graphs, is closer to First-Come-First-Serve (FCFS) in one case (top graph), and to Fixed Processor (FP) in the other (bottom graph). FCFS and FP are shown with solid dark lines. The graphs illustrate the change in the system throughput (on the y-axis) as a function of the normalized cache footprint of the task (on the x-axis), for two different scenarios: with 48 tasks (top graph) and with 128 tasks total (bottom graph). In both cases, the results were obtained on a machine with 32 processors. You should ignore the thin dotted lines, which correspond to the case when the authors are also modeling interference effects.
When measuring the validity of a diagnostic test, the true positive rate (true positive / true pos + false neg) is called ____.
The suture that forms the articulation of the parietal bones with the frontal bone is the ________ suture.
DIRECTIONS: Choose the correct answer for each question. The New King of the Dinosaurs? [A] Sports fans often imagine what would happen if two successful players from different times competed against each other. In boxing, who would win if a young Muhammad Ali were up against a young Mike Tyson? In golf, who would score better if Jack Nicklaus faced Tiger Woods? [B] Paleontologists - scientists who study fossils - like to play the same game with dinosaurs. Who would win a fight between a Tyrannosaurus rex (T. rex) and a Spinosaurus? These are two unbelievably powerful dinosaurs that never faced each other in real life. This is because the Spinosaurus lived almost 10 million years before the T. rex. The movie Jurassic Park III attempts to answer this question. After a bloody battle, the Spinosaurus eventually wins the match by breaking the neck of the T. rex. [C] For people who are not dinosaur experts, this result might be unexpected. Most people learn from a young age that the T. rex was the most dangerous and fearsome dinosaur. However, dinosaur experts are beginning to give the Spinosaurus more credit. One reason for this is because detailed information about the Spinosaurus has only been collected in the last few decades. [D] In 1914, the German paleontologist Stromer von Reichenbach first discovered some important parts of the dinosaur. These included several large spines that were clearly used to support a giant sail on the dinosaur's back. Stromer thus gave this new dinosaur the name "Spinosaurus." Until 1944, the fossils were displayed at a Munich museum. However, when Munich was bombed during World War II, all of Stromer's fossils were destroyed. For more than 50 years, very little new information about the Spinosaurus was discovered. [E] In the early 21st century, however, large sets of Spinosaurus fossils were found. As a result, we now have much more information about this amazing creature. Scientists now know that this extremely large dinosaur was almost 15 meters long and larger than the T. rex. Scientists have also learned that the Spinosaurus had many wonderful talents. One of these was its impressive swimming ability. It was also one of the only dinosaurs that could travel both on land and in water. [F] Because of its size and talent, the Spinosaurus might win another battle with the T. rex - the battle for the most interesting dinosaur. In 50 more years, the Spinosaurus might just become the world's most popular dinosaur.What is the purpose of the final paragraph?
Identify this muscle and give it's origin, insertion, and action. (see black arrow)
Research in the behavioral sciences supports the claim that early stimulation is critical to the later development of language and self-worth.
Acceptable irrigating solutions include all of the following EXCEPT:
An electron is moving to the right, as shown in the figure. Suddenly it encounters uniform magnetic field pointing out of the page. Which one of the three paths shown will it follow in the field?
The string quartet consists of
For each of the following sentences, select the correct singular or plural noun for the blank.   The plaintiff and three defense __________ met to discuss a settlement.
The nurse is assigned to care for four clients. When planning client rounds, which client should the nurse collect data from first?
Give an example of a material breach of contract from the owner to the contractor that does not relate to payments. Give and explain at least 2 reasons why this is a material breach of contract.
An unresponsive patient is found sitting in the front seat of a vehicle with his legs pinned under the dash. Once his legs have been freed, which of the following methods should be used for removal of the patient?
A manager is interviewing candidates for a supervisor's position. If all candidates have similar clinical knowledge and expertise, the individual with strong skills in which area below would be the BEST choice for the position?
What is matter, according to Aristotle?
Premature infants may suffer from infant respiratory distress syndrome (IRDS). Their alveoli tend to be collapsed and increase work of breathing. What is the cause of IRDS?
Hudson Corp. sells $300,000 of bonds to private investors. The bonds have a 7% coupon rate and interest is paid semiannually. The bonds were sold to yield 10%.    What periodic interest payment does Hudson make to its investors?
Andrew Jackson got the U.S. Treasury to issue the _____________, which stated all public lands had to be purchased with hard money, an idea that led to the Panic of 1837.
The triangular bandage is best used for the sling
Match the descriptions and methods of encryption to the corresponding  cryptography:
