For a solid that dissolves in a solvent, how does the solubility of a solid change when the temperature increases?
Quincy eliminated soft drinks from his diet and discovered 6 weeks later that his weight dropped from 204 lb to 194 lb. What is the percent decrease? Round to the nearest tenth of a percent.
The nurse is providing education to a pregnant client about skin changes related to pregnancy. The nurse will explain that the following are skin changes associated with pregnancy. (Select all that apply.)
To ensure staff are invested into a patient-centered focus, what culture should be cultivated by an organization?
La profesora usa tiza para escribir en _______________________________________.
Which element is NOT considered to be an activator for acrylic resins?
Add or subtract, as indicated, and simplify the result. Use the math editor as needed ("Insert Math Equation" on the toolbar) to enter your final answer. Show all work on your paper. -
Bones continue to grow throughout a lifetime.
Shannon signs a contract with John to build a deck and gazebo at the rear of her house. John is an unlicensed contractor in a state that requires all contractors to be licensed for safety reasons. When John desires payment and Shannon refuses, the court will likely hold the contract is enforceable by:
After teaching a patient who is prescribed adalimumab (Humira) for severe ulcerative colitis, the nurse assesses the patient's understanding. Which statement made by the patient indicates a need for additional teaching?
A parent asks the nurse "At what age do most babies begin to fear strangers?" The nurse responds that most infants begin to fear strangers at what age?
Which of the following are functions of the vestibular system? Select all that apply.
Please type any work that you want to submit with the test in the space below. Make sure to put the question number of the problem with the work.
The nurse is caring for a client who is admitted with cellulitis of the foot. Which nursing assessment findings support this diagnosis?
An 80-year old develops pneumonia in the hospital.  An assessment identifies that the patient is cyanotic and tachycardic and has developed a fever and a cough.  Chest x-rays reveals pus in the pleural space.  This is diagnosed as:
After reading the Honorlock Student Directions section of the Orientation / Proctoring Requirements, look at the list below and identify these important items: Pick all that apply:
Which cast care instructions should the nurse provide to a client who just had a plaster cast applied to the right forearm? Select all that apply.
ATP is required for which of the following in regard to skeletal muscle contraction? (select all that apply)
DATE OF PROCEDURE:  MM/DD/YYYY   PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Left elbow cubital tunnel syndrome.   POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Left elbow cubital tunnel syndrome.   OPERATION PERFORMED: Left elbow ulnar nerve submuscular transposition.   SURGEON:  John Doe, MD   ANESTHESIA: General.   COMPLICATIONS: None.   INDICATIONS FOR PROCEDURE: The patient is a (XX)-year-old female with a long-standing history of cubital tunnel syndrome which has failed conservative treatment, including activity modifications, splinting and corticosteroid injection. Risks and benefits of submuscular left elbow ulnar nerve transposition were explained in detail to the patient and informed consent was obtained. The main risks included but were not limited to infection, nerve injury, bleeding complications, loss of elbow range of motion, strength and function; continued numbness and weakness in the hand; possible need for revision surgery and other anesthetic complications. The patient understood all these risks and wished to proceed with surgery.   DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURE: The patient was taken to the operating room and was placed in a supine position. The patient was administered general anesthesia. A tourniquet was placed over her left upper arm and she was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion. The extremity was exsanguinated with 300 mmHg pressure. A longitudinal incision was made slightly anterior to the medial epicondyle, extending in a curvilinear fashion both proximally and distally. It was kept above the medial epicondyle to avoid wound problems from the bony prominence. This incision was taken through the skin and subcutaneous tissue only. Careful scissors dissection was taken through the underlying soft tissues until the medial antebrachial cutaneous nerve was identified. As soon as the antebrachial cutaneous nerve was identified, this was dissected free from the surrounding soft tissues and a Penrose drain was placed around this nerve. The nerve was then retracted out of the operative field superiorly. Self-retraining retractor was then placed in the wound. Further dissection was taken to find the nerve superior to the cubital tunnel.   Once it was identified here, the nerve was followed along distally into the cubital tunnel. The nerve was completely freed up of all surrounding soft tissues proximally and into the cubital tunnel. The cubital tunnel was then slowly released. Distally, the ulnar nerve was carefully dissected to identify the branches to the flexor carpi ulnaris muscle. Once these nerve branches were identified, part of the flexor pronator muscle mass was incised to ensure that there was no compression of the nerve into the muscular area. The motor branches of the ulnar nerve were carefully protected throughout this release. With the ulnar nerve freely released from soft tissue, it was brought anteriorly and placed to a full range of motion to ensure that there was no constriction of the nerve throughout the course. A finger was placed superiorly and an Army-Navy retractor was placed to the superior border of the incision to ensure that there was no constriction of the nerve throughout, even beyond the plane of the dissection. The flexor pronator muscle group was then identified from the insertion on the medial epicondyle with a slight portion of the tendon left on the medial epicondyle for later repair.   Sharp dissection was used to divide the flexor pronator muscle group. This was then elevated from the underlying above structures with a Freer elevator. The ulnar nerve was then transposed to a submuscular location and the tendon was reapproximated with 4 horizontal mattress #2 Arthrex FiberWire sutures and an excellent repair of the tendon was ensured and the elbow was placed through a gentle range of motion to ensure that there was no compression of the ulnar nerve in the submuscular location. My fifth finger was also placed into the tunnel for the nerve and placed through a range of motion and there was no constriction or compression with full flexion or extension. A 2-0 Vicryl was then placed in the subcutaneous tissue followed by a running subcuticular 4-0 Monocryl suture. Sterile, Adaptic, 4 x 4's, Webril and a long-arm plaster splint was placed. Tourniquet was let down prior to placement of all dressings and there was no bleeding encountered and excellent hemostasis. Total tourniquet time was 46 minutes. The patient awoke from anesthesia without complications. She was transferred to the recovery room in stable condition. There were no problems to the nerve when checked in the recovery room.
Which of the following psychotherapies for borderline personality disorder focuses on helping clients gain a more realistic and positive sense of self, learn adaptive skills for solving problems and regulating emotions, and correct dichotomous thinking?
