Extra Credit -  In a few sentences or a short paragraph , describe something that you learned/studied from the following chapters that was NOT on the exam.  This is your chance to wow me with what you spent time learning.  You can write about one topic from each of the three chapters on this exam.  The more scientific details you provide, the more points you can earn.  Do not write more than 8 sentences (1 paragraph) for each chapter or 24 sentences max.    Chapter 4 - A Tour of the Cell Chapter 5- The Working Cell Chapter 6- How Cells Harvest Chemical Energy
The inactivation of one X chromosome is established by the directed spreading of heterochromatin. The silent state of this chromosome is __________ in the subsequent cell divisions.
What is the gauge (size) of perc needle used for femoral access?
Acme Corporation produces a single product. The company is predicting that a price increase next year will not cause unit sales to decrease. What effect would this price increase have on the following items for next year?      ContributionMargin Ratio Break-evenPoint   A) Increase Decrease   B) Decrease Decrease   C) Increase No effect   D) Decrease No effect
The company has an alternative drug (called B), for which there is a constant relationship between amount spent on advertising () and prescriptions (). It is . If the goal is to maximize total prescriptions, then at what value of  does it make sense to spend an incremental $1,000 on drug B, rather than drug A?
Which is NOT a property of water?
Which of the following were among the main objectives of the writers of the Texas Constitution of 1876?
Which of the following terms refers to how people see themselves--whether as male or female or something else?
Let p represent the statement "The car is out of gas."  Let q represent the statement "I am late."  Write the symbolic statement in words.             p-~q{"version":"1.1","math":"p-~q"}
When determining the appropriate thickness for thermoplastic material, there are many different options. What is the most typical thickness to consider which provides good resistance or strength for the orthosis?
Which of the following is NOT an effect of acid rain?
Mergers and acquisitions typically have no impact on clients and customers of large, financially healthy firms.
The nurse should instruct the client who has had an intrauterine device (IUD) inserted to do which of the following as part of follow-up self-care?
How do you measure energy?
The mitotic spindle begins to form in which phase of mitosis?
Select the arrangement of electromagnetic radiation which starts with the lowest frequency and increases to the highest frequency.
An ion with an atomic number of 34 and 36 electrons has a ________ charge.
Your patient presents with knee pain, swelling, clicking, and locking symptoms. Which of the following knee special tests isolates the medial meniscus?
5. La motivacion para saber comunicarnos con los demas es ____.
The substance on which an enzyme acts is called the:
