Which sentence uses commas in a series correctly?
If you make a list of all of the amino acids that form insulin and arrange your list in the specific order that the amino acids are hooked together, you are describing the ___________.
The Zimbabwe crisis of 1998-2009 was an example of:
The muscle tissue that shows no striations is ________ muscle.
Avoiding plagiarism in MLA papers     Read the following passage and the information about its source. Then decide whether each student sample is plagiarized or uses the source correctly.           ORIGINAL SOURCE     The conversations in the [James Fenimore] Cooper books have a curious sound in our modern ears. To believe that such talk really ever came out of people's mouths would be to believe that there was a time when time was of no value to a person who thought he had something to say; when it was the custom to spread a two-minute remark out to ten; when a man's mouth was a rolling-mill, and busied itself all day long in turning four-foot pigs of thought into thirty-foot bars of conversational railroad iron by attenuation; when subjects were seldom faithfully stuck to, but the talk wandered all around and arrived nowhere; when conversations consisted mainly of irrelevancies, with here and there a relevancy, a relevancy with an embarrassed look, as not being able to explain how it got there.     Twain, Mark. "Fenimore Cooper's Literary Offenses." Selected Shorter Writings of Mark Twain, edited by Walter Blair, Houghton Mifflin, 1962, pp. 227-38.      [The source passage is from page 236.]       Mark Twain wonders if people ever conversed the way Cooper's characters do and if people really did have all the time in the world to listen to one another's ramblings (236).
A RN is teaching a prenatal class and reviewing how to time the contractions from one contraction to the next contraction.  Since this is her first baby, the RN wants to make sure the client understands to call the doctor when the contractions are 5 minutes apart for one hour.    The client understands how to time contractions when she states the following:
While intubating with a straight blade the blade would be placed in the?
Some simple columnar and pseudostratified columnar epithelia have _______ cells, which produce a protective mucus coating over the mucous membranes.
After their retreat to Palestine from Babylon, the Jews were ruled by all of the following except
Which of the following is true regarding Syria and Iran?
Which of the following is responsible for dissipating heat in the x-ray tube?
Match the intravenous fluid (IV) or electrolyte with the correct definition. Each answer can only be used ONCE.
Act III   Who recites the famous line, "To be, or not to be, that is the question..."?
A 63-year-old, female is admitted to the ICU after a syncopal episode. Patient has a history of IBS, DM, CHF, CAD, and smoking. The patients home medicines are notable for furosemide 40 mg BID, KCL 10 mEq once daily. Patient is complaining of severe muscle cramps and continuous ECG shows T-wave inversion and ST depression. The APRN would expect to see which severe electrolyte abnormality?
Which assessment finding should the nurse expect to observe on an immobilized patient?
What is the slope of the supply curve in Figure 2?
A patient in your care assignment has been newly diagnosed with cancer and was recently staged. Testing reveals that the cancer cells have spread to regional structures (lymph nodes) but no distant spread was found. As the nurse, you understand this cancer would be documented as what stage?
If 24.1 kJ is used to warm a piece of aluminum with a mass of 250. g, what is the final temperature of the aluminum if its initial temperature is  5.0 oC?  The specific heat of aluminum is 0.903 J/g*oC.     (If you wish, you may show work for possible partial credit.)
Stella has just returned from the doctor and was told she has cloudy areas in the lenses of her eyes. Stella has
On the morning of a final exam, a student is feeling tense and excited, with her heart rate and breathing slightly increased. She is feeling energized and alert, with her attention focused on the exam. Based on these findings what advice can the student be given?
