2.5   There were different forms of resistance during the Industrial Revolution. Give examples of the different forms:   2
21) Refer to the Table 1 in the article by Chen and Revere (2019). Which of the following is NOT measured by MANCOVA test?
All of the following are major reasons that adult populations gain weight as they approach elder ages except?
For question 2, identify ONE (ONLY!) of the following quotations by **author AND work / title** (.5 points each for title of work and for author [if known; if no author for the work has been identified by experts, write "unknown" or "anonymous]).  Then discuss how and why the passage is thematically significant to the work as a whole (3 points).  Be sure that in explaining the thematic significance of the quotes you do not simply paraphrase them (repeat what they say in different words).  Also **be certain to write next to your answer the letter (a or b) corresponding to the quote that you select (a prerequisite for receiving credit).**   a) "'. . .their fortune was enough for their wants, and they were besides endowed with so much bodily strength that they had both gained prizes at the Games . . . .  and the Argive women extolled the mother who was blessed with such a pair of sons; and the mother herself, overjoyed at the deed and at the praises that it had won, . . . besought the goddess to bestow on . . . the sons who had so mightily honored her, the highest blessings to which mortals can attain.  Her prayer ended, they offered sacrifice and partook of the holy banquet, after which the two youths fell asleep in the temple. They never woke more, but so passed from the earth.  The Argives, looking on them as among the best of men, caused statues of them to be made, which they gave to the shrine at Delphi.'" b)  "'As I ran toward her ranting and raving, my loving mother suddenly appeared before my eyes.  I had never before seen her so clearly, shining in perfect radiance through the darkness of the night.  She revealed herself as a goddess as the gods in heaven see her, in all her majesty of form and stature.  As she caught my right hand and held me back, she opened her rosy lips and spoke to me--'O my son, what bitterness can have been enough to stir this wild anger in you?  Why this raging passion? . . . .  Will you not first go to see where you have left your father, crippled with age, and find whether your wife . . . is still alive, and your son . . . ?'" c)    " 'Embrace the one? Expel the other?  It defeats me.    But since the matter comes to rest on us,    I will appoint the judges of manslaughter,    swear them in, and found a tribunal here / for all time to come,    My contestants, / summon your trusted witnesses and proofs,    your defenders under oath to help your cause.    And I will pick the finest men of Athens,    return and decide the issue fairly, truly-    bound to our oaths, our spirits bent on justice.' "  (4 points each; 8 points total)   Your answers to Question 2: Quote identifying (specify a, b, or c): author: work: Explain how and why the passage is thematically significant to the work as a whole:
The nurse caring for a client with a duodenal ulcer finds the client diaphoretic, with knees drawn up to a hard, tender abdomen. What should the nurse do initially?
Which of the following payment status indicators show that no APC payment will be made if the service is provided to a hospital outpatient:
A toxin that affects cells in the gastrointestinal tract is called a
During the change of shift report, a nurse is told that a patient has an occluded left posterior cerebral artery. The nurse will anticipate that the patient may have
Of the following, which is the most effective method of birth control?
Prospect Theory has direct implications for how one will evaluate probabilistic events as well as gains and losses.  Evaluate the following two cases using evidence from the paper to explain, and indifference is an option. a. Consider the following lotteries: i) a 0.2% chance of $4000 and  ii) a 0.1% chance for $8000. Which lottery will a PT individual choose, and why? b. Consider the following events: i) Losing $100 once and ii) losing two amounts of $50 a few days apart (assume all are unexpected losses with no discounting). Which event will give a PT individual the lowest total loss in value?
A 78 year old client has stage 3 CKD, and is being taught about a low potassium diet. The nurse determines the client understands the diet when the client selects which foods to eat?
The first person to invent a product obtains the patent rights rather than the first person to file an application for a patent.
The nurse is educating parents of an child who has undergone cardiac surgery.  The nurse teaches that one of the goals is to reduce respiratory distress. Parents understand that they can accomplish this goal by which of the following: (Select all that apply)
During the initial 24 hours of a fast, energy is obtained largely through the breakdown of these two substances:
Punishment must be both cruel and unusual to be considered unconstitutional?
Which of the following is NOT the purpose of inflammation?
The audience was left confused because the speaker failed to develop a topic preview.  They also had difficulty in identifying main ideas and following the train of thought because transitions were missing.  Most likely, the speaker gave too little attention to:
The dilemma facing the Federal Reserve in the event that an unfavorable supply shock moves the economy away from the natural rate of output is that monetary policy can either return output to the natural rate but with a ______ price level or allow the price level to return to its original level but with a ______ level of output in the short run.
Which of the following adrenergic neurotransmitter receptors plays the major role in heart activity?
Healthy People 2020 has several objectives to increase the proportion of adolescents and adults who follow protective measures that may reduce the risk of skin cancer. Strategies to avoid sun exposure should be discussed with all patients at every physical examination, particularly with the parents of infants, young children, and adolescents. Patients and their families should be advised of the following preventive strategies: Select all that apply Learn the ABCDEs of malignant melanoma. Apply a sunscreen with an SPF of at least 15 as directed, even on hazy days; reapply sunscreen as needed. Wear large-framed, wraparound sunglasses with 99% to 100% UV absorption. Wear protective clothing (tight-weave fabric, long-sleeve shirt, and a wide-brimmed hat).
