After the above ordered bolus, the doctor orders a maintenance rate of 0.9 mg/kg/hr., what should the pump be set at? (wt: 232 lbs).   (Above bolus of 185 mg to be run over 45 minutes. (IV ordered of 1000mg Aminophylline in 1000cc D5W)
If you own an old "clunker" car with a very low value, which of the following types of insurance should you still buy (in fact, you have to, by law)?
Global amphibian declines are being caused by infections of what kind of fungus?
One reason for unemployment is that:
A client has been brought to the emergency department with abdominal pain and is subsequently diagnosed with appendicitis. The client is scheduled for an appendectomy but questions the nurse about how his health will be affected by the absence of an appendix. How should the nurse best respond?
If the [gland] sense/s a/n [direction] in blood oxygen levels they will release [hormone] which stimulates the [location] to produce more red blood cells.
Which of the following statements about conflict-handling styles is FALSE?
45. The nurse suspects the client may be developing Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ADRS). Which assessment data confirms the diagnosis of ARDS?
bb
Given that the specific heat of aluminum is 0.22 cal/g/Co what will be the final temperature of a 160 gram sample of aluminum starting at 20 oC if 422 cal of heat is added to the sample.  Assume no heat losses to any other part of the system.
A patient with cirrhosis has pitting edema of the feet and legs. Which information collected by the nurse would indicate the rationale for this?
During aerosol drug delivery using an SVN set at 8 L/min input flow, a patient asks that the head of the bed be lowered to a semi-Fowler's position. Immediately after doing so, you observe a significant drop in SVN aerosol output, despite there being at least 3 mL of solution left in the reservoir. What would you do to correct this problem?
A merry-go-round with mass 150 kg and radius 1.5 m is rotating and there is a 30 kg child sitting on the outer edge who is moving with a translational speed of 5 m/s. If the child then moves to the center of the merry-go-round, how fast will it be turning in radians per second?
[Netflix] Netflix is a company that delivers DVD movies and TV shows to consumers either by mail or streaming over the Internet. It faces many competitors, but continues to grow both in the United States and abroad. Part of what has driven Netflix's success in recent years is its original content, with movies and shows like Bird Box and Stranger Things, popular programming that cannot be seen elsewhere. Its original content provides Netflix's
The nurse is assessing a patient who may have hearing loss. Which of these statements is true concerning air conduction?
Your patient has returned from having a cholecystectomy. You know that following is true for this patient: Select all that apply
When a molten mixture of KCl and NaBr is electrolyzed, what is formed at the anode?
Much of the art in Europe during the __________ era related to the Christian expectations of the end of time, or the Last Judgment.
.  While assessing a patient with partial thickness burns to his chest and neck, what should be your highest priority (even if there are no symptoms presently)?
Which food should be eaten in order to enhance the bioavailability of iron?
