The top right of every page shows text like this: Simpson 5 What does this represent?
What area of the ulna is letter L pointing towards? (hint: it's an indentation for the elbow function and there are two possible anwers here) _______
Evolution of jaws first occurred in the group of fishes known as the:
This cellular structure present in prokaryote lacks a membrane:
A lever requires 100 pounds of effort to move an object weighing 534 pounds.  If the resistance arm is 10 feet, the effort arm is L = R 1    E
Which of the following is a genetic disorder that predisposes the patient to repeated lung infections?
Why is Jupiter denser than Saturn?
Which of the following group(s) of bacteria are responsible for dental caries?
Answer 3 of the following 4 questions. Each is worth 10 points.  Clearly indicate which 3 you are answering by typing which questions you have done in the "Total Points" question.  (eg. "I did Questions A,B and D".)  Your points will be tallied and submitted in the "Total Points" question - I will write your credit per question in the comments.
A 100 g sample of each of the following metals is heated using 5000 J of energy.  Which metal's temperature increases the least?
Which factor of transformational leadership supports followers as they try new approaches and develop innovative ways of dealing with organizational issues?
A situation that combines the therapeutic relationship with a secondary relationship that extends beyond the massage practitioner/client relationship is called                   .
Which of the following terms specifically means abnormal condition of the skin?
A soil with an ochric surface and a cambic subsurface is most likely a ____________
Members of a German shepherd breed club are becoming annoyed.  German shepherds are very good at agility, yet their handlers rarely win agility competitions because of the domination of Border collies in the sport.  The German shepherd club decides to hold its own agility trial to counter this problem, and 80 shepherds and their handlers compete.  The mean running time for the shepherds on the course is 50 seconds.  Unfortunately, five handlers break the rules and bring their super-fast Border collies to the trial.  All five Border collies finish the course in less than 25 seconds.  If the breed club wants to get a measure of central tendency for the distribution of all 85 dogs who competed (German shepherds and Border collies), what would be the most appropriate measure to choose?
The Nitrazine Test is used to determine if fluid leaking from the vagina is:
If a +ssRNA animal virus infects a cell, how might it make viral proteins?
Identify the structure labeled D
Identify the indicated structure in  blue (include left or right as appropriate).
25.    DNA is a hereditary molecule that is composed of:
