An older adult client reports severe headache, weight loss, fatigue, stiffness, and pain in the shoulders. Which additional assessment finding does the nurse apply to specifically support a diagnosis of temporal arteritis (TA)?
Solve for x. = 10
The personality trait of Extroversion refers to:
Find the directional derivative of the function  at  in the direction of . Round your answer to two decimal places.
Sam's Burger Barn, a locally owned restaurant is experiencing competition from an internationally known chain of fast food restaurants, which has recently started business in its neighborhood. Sam is trying to figure out ways to compete against this new business. Sam's Burger Barn is experiencing a change in its:
Which of the following cards is an example of a retailer credit card?
Dysphagia results from a problem connected with:
An adverse effect of Nifedipine (calcium channel blocker used to treat hypertension) is:
Your 13-month-old patient is limp and pale with perioral cyanosis and nasal flaring. He is using accessory muscles to breathe. He has had a runny nose and cough for three days and a recent temperature of 100.8F rectally. Vital signs are: BP 78/40, P 174, R 50 with bilateral wheezing. You suspect
A user-centered design issue where the designers project their own goals, skills and mental models onto a product's design is called _____________.
Which part of the differential reflects an acute infection in a patient with acute hepatitis?
IS/SI Criteria and Occurrence Screening.  Criteria follow cases.   In each of the two following cases identify  1.  If the patient's admission is justified by meeting both the IS and SI criteria and which criteria the patient met and why they meet criteria.2.  Did the patient meet any of the occurrence screens . If they did, which screen did they meet and why.  Answers should be recorded following cases.   Case One CC: Closed head injury HPI: A 34-year-old female was delivering the mail when she lost control of her car on ice and hit a tree. The woman said that she was fully conscious throughout the event. The airbag did not deploy despite the cracked windshield. The young woman remained stable during transport, although she complained of a severe right-sided temporal headache accompanied by some blurred vision. PMH: Hypertension. ROS: All systems reviewed and negative unless otherwise noted in the physical exam. Patient has no known allergies. MEDICATIONS: Lisinopril. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: VITALS: Blood pressure 88/55, pulse 95, respirations 22, temperature 97.9deg. HEENT: Contusion over right temporal area. NECK: Tender on the right side. CHEST: Tender on the right. LUNGS: Clear. LABORATORY DATA: Hematocrits 42.9, and 41.7. WBC 8.5. Ethanol: None. Urinalysis: normal. PT 13.0, PTT 31. Chemistry normal. X-rays: C-spine, LS- spine, and pelvis x-rays completed and all returned as normal.. ABDOMEN: Flat, nontender. BACK: Tender in the c-spine area. PELVIS: Normal. EXTREMITIES: Contusion right thigh. RECTAL: Not performed. NEUROLOGIC: Patient intact. ASSESSMENT: 1. Concussion. 2. Possible Rib fracture  PLAN: Admit the patient to the ortho service for treatment of fractures and have trauma follow for the concussion.  Patient scheduled for MRI, Blood chemistry, chest x-ray, EKG and vitals to be monitored every two hours.  General diet.  POST ADMISSION; The patient became extremely agitated and demanded to be released from hospital.  The hospitalist on duty explained risks and requested patient sign a consent for AMA discharge .  Patient was discharged same day as admission. Please answer  following two questions relating to Case #1  Is the patient's admission is justified by meeting both the IS and SI criteria and which criteria did the patient meet and what documentation showed she met  criteria.   3 pts     Did the patient meet any of the occurrence screens . If  she  did, which screen did they meet and why.  3 pts    Case 2 HPI A 50-year-old woman has been experiencing a chronic cough for the past two months. She is a two pack a day smoker and has been for the past 30 years. She sees her PCP for the cough and is given an order for a chest x-ray at the local hospital. The x-ray report states "nodule in lower lobe of right lung, worrisome for malignancy." The PCP refers her for a biopsy of the nodule at the ambulatory surgery clinic, which substantiates the diagnosis of cancer in the pathology report. Current Admission  The patient is now hospitalized for  a right lower lobectomy. HPI:  Patient  has been experiencing severe disorientation although her vital signs remain normal.  Chest x-ray and blood chemistry is normal  EKG shows acute ischemia.  Prior to discharge after surgery, the patient develops an infection, and the infectious disease specialist was asked to evaluate her and recommend the appropriate treatment course. Post discharge care Upon discharge, she receives care in her home for the next two weeks. Four weeks after surgery, radiation therapy is initiated, but her condition continues to deteriorate over the next few months with metastasis to the brain noted, at which point she decides to receive only palliative care   Please answer  following two questions relating to Case #2  Was the patient's admission justified by meeting both the IS and SI criteria and which criteria did the patient meet and what documentation showed she  met  criteria.   3 pts     Did the patient meet any of the occurrence screens . If  she  did, which screen did they meet and why.  3 pts      Occurrence Screens  Admission for adverse result of outpatient management Adverse reaction to medications Patient fall resulting in injury Nosocomial infection Post surgical death Unplanned transfer from general care to special care unit Abnormal physiological findings documented without further investigation or resolution Perforation laceration tear or injury of an organ during invasive procedure Myocardial infarction during or within 48 hours of a surgical procedure Patient discharged against medical advice Unplanned return to OR    SI/IS Criteria
What action is responsible for the heating of Saturn's interior?
Which of the following is considered cohesive soil?
How dependably or consistently a measure assesses a particular characteristic is the measure's ________.
An object that specifies which user or groups of users can access a file share is:
Identify structure "B" (Be specific!)
What is the coefficient of potassium chloride when the following equation is balanced? __KClO3 - __KCl + __O2
If you have a schist with mica minerals that are oriented vertically, in what direction was the maximum pressure exerted on this rock?
According to Kepler's __________ law, Earth moves through areas A, B, and C __________.
