The economic costs of divorce are such that
The fields of Oklahoma were ___________ by the drought in the Dust Bowl of 1930s.
An end-of-period spreadsheet includes columns for
Problems                Prepare the problems below using Excel. Upload the workbook using the link.            1. (12 points) Herron Company produces and sells a single product. The company's income statement for the most recent month is given below:              Sales (7,300 units at $55 per unit)  $401,500    Less manufacturing costs:      Direct materials $64,800     Direct labor (variable) $84,200     Variable factory overhead $16,400     Fixed factory overhead $39,800 $205,200    Gross margin  $196,300    Less selling and other expenses:      Variable selling and other expenses $32,400     Fixed selling and other expenses $58,300 $90,700    Net operating income  $105,600            There are no beginning or ending inventories.            Required:            Calculations must be shown and labeled for full credit to be awarded.            a. Compute the company's monthly break-even point in units of product. Round to the next higher whole unit. (Hint: First convert the traditional income statement format to a contribution-approach format.)              b. What would the company's monthly net operating income be if sales increased by 17.0% and there is no change in total fixed expenses?             c. What dollar sales must the company achieve in order to earn a net operating income of $55,700 per month? What is the margin of safety in dollars and as a percentage, rounded to the nearest tenth of a percent?              d. The company has decided to automate a portion of its operations. The change will reduce direct labor costs per unit by 45 percent, but it will double the costs for fixed factory overhead. Compute the new break-even point in units. Round to the next higher whole unit.                2. (12 points) Data concerning Murray Corporation's single product appear below:                Per Unit Percent of Sales     Selling price $150 100.00%     Variable expenses $30 20.00%     Contribution margin $120 80.00%             Fixed expenses are $1,129,800 per month. The company is currently selling 9,700 units per month.             The marketing manager would like to introduce sales commissions as an incentive for the sales staff. The marketing manager has proposed a commission of $14 per unit. In exchange, the sales staff would accept an overall decrease in their salaries of $141,400 per month. The marketing manager predicts that introducing this sales incentive would increase monthly unit sales by 13%.                 Required:            Prepare two contribution format income statements, one based the company's current revenue and expense structure and another based on the marketing manager's proposal. What would be the overall effect on the company's monthly net operating income of this change in (a) dollar increase or decrease and (b) percent increase or decrease? Round the percent to the nearest tenth of one percent. Show your work.
Vocabulario, parte B. Para las pregunta 10-14, usa una palabra del cuadrado (box) para completar la oracion.  Es necesario hacer algunos cambios. (5 puntos)    pedirle pedir orar pronosticar miedo rezar temor
When a twirling ice skater brings her arms inward, her rotational speed
How many times did Yahweh call the name of Samuel?
Which of the following are considered service animals under the law? Select only one answer.
The Lord's Resistance Army was led by
A client tells his therapist about a dream in which he drives his wife to the airport where she boards a plane. As the plane takes off, he is smiling. The therapist says the dream suggest a desire for a divorce. Th therapist's interpretation represents what Sigmund Freud called the dream's ______.
How do command-and-control policies differ from cap-and-trade programs?
Perform the indicated operation.Let B = . Find -3B.
If you were filling out a Venn Diagram about summative vs. formative assessments, what are two ways in which they are alike (the overlapping center of the Venn Diagram)?  What is unique about summative assessment?  What is unique about formative assessment?   NOTE: Make sure to include examples in your answer to help support what you are saying.
*Which is true of accessory organs of digestion?
In Roman families, what was the paterfamilias?
42) Mallory takes a drug for a heart condition that completely blocks her sympathetic (autonomic) nervous system. Despite this, she still has subjective feelings of emotion. For instance, if she is approached by a snarling angry dog, she'll feel fear.  However, her heart rate and breathing rate won't increase.  The fact that Mallory's sympathetic nervous system is blocked, but she still has subjective feelings of emotion is INCONSISTENT with what theory of emotion:
Which of the following is a component of the innate immune system?
For the given graph, state what happens at the points with x - coordinates: -3, 0, 2, 5. At those points state all limits, continuity/discontinuity and type. State domain and range.
A nurse is reviewing research studies for evidence-based practice. Which article should the nurse use for qualitative nursing research?
Questions 36-42 refer to the following passage from a longer article.           Title of Essay   "The Soft Power of TikTok"     Authors   Rob Long     Title of Journal   Commentary     Volume/Issue   Volume 150, Issue 1     Date of Publication   July-August 2020     Page numbers   63-64     Database   Gale Literature Research Center     Permalink   http://kidd.blinn.edu:2048/login?url=http://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=edsglr&AN=edsgcl.630334996&site=eds-live        TikTok is a spectacular piece of pro-American propaganda. It's soft power for the new century. If the last century was shaped by American movies and music, perhaps this one will be guided by TikTok's real-life glimpses at gleaming American kitchens.  TikTok has everything except big stars and production values, which is where Hollywood comes in. Convinced by the success of TikTok and other shortform video services that audiences will embrace on the-go video entertainment, Hollywood veteran Jeffrey Katzenberg and Silicon Valley mogul Meg Whitman launched a service of their own.  It's called Quibi (for "quick bites," get it?), and it's an example of what happens when smart people try to fix something that already works. Quibi delivers short-form entertainment, designed for mobile phones, loaded up with stars and scripts and high concepts. Steven Spielberg is producing shows for Quibi. Movie star Liam Hemsworth top-lines an action-adventure series. The founders raised $1.8 billion to spend on stars, brand names, and a slick Quibi app.  The result was a fizzle. Audiences were slow to install the app...and subscription revenue, a big part of the Quibi business plan, has yet to materialize. The Quibi founders looked at the current entertainment landscape and thought, "They want it shorter? We'll give them shorter, but Hollywood style!"  But the addictive success of TikTok has nothing to do with the running time of the content. Young people don't spend 80 minutes a day watching TikToks because they prefer to consume entertainment in shorter segments, or because they're looking for a new source of entertainment. Young people--and not just young people but Americans of all ages--have plenty of places to find good storytelling and big stars.  Young people watch TikTok because they want to see one another. Because they want to know that they're not the only ones who feel a certain way, live a certain way, experience love and friendship a certain way. They can scroll through the silly dances and personal confessions and think, "I have a kitchen like that, a bedroom like that, a hoodie like that, a mom like that. I guess I'm normal. I guess other kids are feeling the same way." TikTok isn't entertainment, it's community. And community is a much better business model.  TikTok responds to a basic human need--deeper, even, than the need to be entertained or amused or diverted. TikTok tells its audience, "There are young people just like you." It's a powerful weapon in the war against loneliness.  Quibi, on the other hand, is just another streaming service.  The team behind Quibi assumed that audiences would quickly embrace a shinier, more polished version of TikTok. The strategy was simple: Replace the spontaneous, free-form content and amateur talent of TikTok with scripts and stars. But it's sort of like when you buy a toddler an expensive toy and wrap it in a box. The child opens the box, removes the toy, and then plays with the box.  TikTok is the box. Quibi is the toy. And so far, the kids prefer the box. Which makes sense, because the box is a lot more fun.   Which of the following statements BEST summarizes the main idea of the above passage?
