Allowed C language reference:  https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/manual/pdf/libc.pdf (Links to an external site.) Allowed Online Scratch Paper you can type on: https://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~cs354-1/SCRATCH_PAPER.html  (Links to an external site). Format There are 24 questions (including the signature) totaling 73 points.    (10) Part II - 2pt questions - Simple Choice or Short Fill-In-Blank (12) Part III - 3pt questions - Multiple Choice, Fill-In-Blank, Multiple Answer, or Multiple Dropdown - read question instructions carefully (1) Part IV - 6 pt question (Fill-In-Blank) (1) Exit Survey - 1pt question about Live Q&A attendance    Exam Instructions    You must have working webcam and microphone and turned on. You must not talk to yourself or others, sing, have music playing or allow others to talk in the background. You must keep your face visible (with enough light). You must contact HonorLock proctor if you have problems during exam. If you believe there is an exam error, choose the best answer, make a note on your scratch paper for yourself, and move on.  Reduce your browser's scale factor/magnification if a table or an image is too large. You will see one question at a time. You CAN go back to earlier questions and change your answer.  YOU MUST BE SURE TO RESAVE THAT ANSWER. This exam is intended to take 60-75 minutes but you may use up to the full 120 minutes.    After viewing these instructions, select next and then select okin the message box that appears since there is no answer to be entered.
The triage nurse in a hospital emergency department is determining the order of care for several clients. Which client would the nurse consider as having the highest priority?
Which of the following cranial nerves is affected by Bell's palsy causing a loss of taste, decreased salivation, and loss of the ability to close the eyes (motor to face) even during sleep?
Which accessory muscles of ventilation work to pull the ribs closer together?
The vapor pressure of pure benzene (C6H6) is 75.0 torr at 20 degC.  What is the vapor pressure (in torr) of a solution made by dissolving [x] grams of the nonvolatile solid benzoic acid (C7H6O2) in 437.8 grams of benzene? (If no decimal place included with mass of benzoic acid, assume one decimal place)  Report your answer as a unitless number with the proper number of significant figures.
A good or resource that is both non-rival and non-excludable is
What is the action produced by the gluteus maximus?
American values do not include:
For a monopolistically competitive firm, price always equals
The nurse knows that cyclic hormonal control of the mature breast includes the hormone:(Select all that apply.)Note: Credit will be given only if all correct choices and no incorrect choices are selected.
Recessive alleles are only expressed when an individual is heterozygous for the recessive allele.
Which of the following are molecules?
A Type A positive patient was phenotyped for the presence of Lewis antigens. A 3+ reaction is observed when tested with  anti-Le(a) and no reaction when tested with anti-Le(b). Based on these results  what is the patient's genotype?
Which of the following genes encodes a molecule with this description:  heterodimer, membrane-bound, capable of binding a peptide in a pocket that is created by a polymorphic region in each chain of the heterodimer:
In an estuary, a zooplankton consumes a phytoplankton with a small globule of PCBs attached to it. A fish consumes the zooplankton as well as many other zooplankton. A larger fish consumes the small fish and then a gull consumes the larger fish. The increased concentration of the chemical at the top of the food chain is an example of
Three legal considerations in the supervisory relationship are:
2. An 87 year old female client was admitted for Congestive Heart Failure with a Sodium (Na) of 125 mEq/L, she has become confused and aggressive. The family begins to question the nurse as to why. What would be the most appropriate statement to give the family?
A single strand of human DNA would reach around the world.
Duty of care, breach of duty (substandard of care), and injury and damages inflicted are all factors involved in:
According to common law, children aged 7-14
