What is this machine called?
The equilibrium constant for reaction (1) is K. What is the equilibrium constant for equation (2)? (1) SO2(g) + 1/2 O2(g)  SO3(g) (2) 2 SO3(g)  2 SO2(g) + O2(g)
Who is Tank?
Satin weaves include fabrics like denim, duck, and pocket cloth.
The Purkinje fibers are located here.
The saturation mixing ratio increases with ______ air temperature.
When discussing defamation, anything that is written is called:
Pressure referenced from zero pressure is
What is the action by ibuprofen, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, that helps decrease inflammation?
Based on the data in the table above, which one of the sites is likely to have the highest species diversity?
Select the choice that best goes with the given word. deed
Sonnets (Questions 86-100) Use Sir Philip Sidney's "With how sad steps..." to answer this question.   What is the rhyme scheme of this poem?
What would a clinical psychologist be most interested in understanding?
The first line antibiotic choice in a pregnant woman without comorbidities diagnosed with community acquired pneumonia would be:
Monocytes are increased in this condition
A corporation cannot be prosecuted and convicted of crimes involving specific intent.
PICTURE: Chest
When a few individuals give rise to a new population it is called the _____________   _____________. (two words).
In designing a wheelchair for a patient with bilateral transfemoral amputations, the axle should be moved in what direction?
Write a JavaFX GUI program with file name LastnameFirstnameExam5.java that meets the following requirements and adheres to the layout included sketch.  Must set the title of the window to be "1331 Exam 5 - YOURNAME", where YOURNAME is replaced with your first and last name. Must include some non-editable text at the top to the window (not the title) with a short phrase of your choosing. Change the text font to either Georgia, Papyrus, Courier New, or Comic Sans MS; it cannot be the default font. Font size should be 12. Must include a plain Button.  The button must toggle the color of the short phrase between Color.BLACK and your favorite color.  Make sure this color is still visible in the UI (i.e. the color should be dark enough to be seen). You must set the button text to something of your choosing.   Must include one of the following shapes: Rectangle, Polygon, Ellipse, or Arc. The shape can be a color of your choosing, but make sure this color is still visible in the UI (i.e. the color should be dark enough to be seen).  If you choose to use an Ellipse, it cannot be circular. Changes to the rotation amount must be easily observed.   Must include a select one-of-many button group to control the alignment of the shape displayed. There should be 3 alignment options for Top, Center, and Left.  Hint: StackPane has a setAlignment method. You may place this group beside or below the shape.  In order to actually see the alignment change you will need to ensure that your window/stage is large enough. So, you need to set the size of your stage to be large enough to see the change proportional to the the size of your shape. A good ratio is to make the window 3 times the width and height of the Shape. To do this you can use the following methods: stage.setMinWidth(X); and stage.setMinHeight(Y);   Must use a Slider UI control that will control the rotation of the shape.  The Slider's major tick labels should be displayed (setShowTickLabels)  The Slider should have a minimum value of 0, maximum value of 359, and initial value of 0, Hint: Rotation amount can be changed using setRotate Another Hint: Look closely at Slider's constructors to find one that allows for configuration of the min/max/init values on creation of the Slider to make your life easier. Yet Another Hint: There are several ways to implement the event handling, we recommend using the setOnMouseReleased method that is available to any Node   You must use at least one of the following children of Pane to control the layout of the Nodes: BorderPane, GridPane, HBox, or VBox. You must implement your event handling at least two of the three ways we taught: named inner class, anonymous inner class, and lambda expression.  For example, at least one handler as an anonymous inner class and at least one handler as a lambda expression. Failure to implement handlers in two different ways will result in the loss of points.   Points may be deducted if your layout deviates greatly from the one shown below. However, you do not need to have a border around the pane containing your shape nor around the shape itself. You may place the one-of-many button group below or beside the Shape.  YOUR SHOULD ONLY SUBMIT A SINGLE JAVA FILE. ENSURE THAT ANY OTHER CLASSES YOU INCLUDE EXIST WITHIN THE SAME FILE. IF YOUR SUBMITTED CODE DOES NOT COMPILE, YOU WILL RECEIVE A ZERO. SAVE, BACKUP, AND TEST OFTEN! The following is an example layout for your UI, but as long as you meet the requirements stated above the layout is flexible:
