Serial ten-fold dilutions are made from a broth culture of Bacillus subtilis in order to determine the number of bacteria in the culture.  Following the dilution series, 0.1 ml of a 1:100,000 (1 x 10-5) dilution is plated, the plate is incubated, and 87 colonies are counted.  Calculate the number of bacteria in the original Bacillus subtilis culture. Don't forget units! Cannot earn full credit without proper units. Make sure your answer reflects proper scientific notation! Use the ^ to denote an exponent, i.e. 1 x 10-5 would be written as 1 x 10^-5.
A nurse is performing discharge teaching care for the fontanelles. Which information would be pertinent for the anterior fontanelle? Select all that apply).
Question 3: Fill in the blank spaces with an appropriate word or phrase. Pregunta 3: Rellena los espacios blancos con una palabra o frase apropiada. Right-click on the button to open the images in a new tab.
I affirm that I will not use any notes, texts, or outside sources of information to complete this quiz. All the work is my own. NB: If you do not affirm that you did not use unauthorized resources, you will not receive any credit for this quiz (i.e. you will get a grade of zero)
4. Dora's Fitness Center purchased a new step machine for $8,250.  The apparatus is expected to last four years and have a residual value of $750.  What will be the depreciation expense for the second year under the straight-line method?
What is the primary (strongest) intermolecular force between two molecules of PH3?
Test 1( with equation sheet).pdf
Optional Risk/Reward Question: -2 points if wrong, +4 points if right: A company's history indicates that 20% of its sales are for cash and the rest are on credit. Collections on credit sales are 20% in the month of the sale, 50% in the next month, and 30% the following month. Projected sales for January, February, and March are $75,000, $92,000 and $60,000, respectively. In March, what are the expected cash receipts from all current and prior credit sales?
The difference between positivism and antipositivism relates to:
Match the descriptions of each objective lens with their names:
The position of the otoliths:
Many vitamins are important ________ of enzymes.
Content marketing includes:
In class we discussed three main types of non-possessory interests in real property. Of the following, what are the three types of non-possessory interests.
Pentecost is a holiday that commemorates
Find the y-intercept of the line.  5x - 4y = 20
You have $1,000,000 in a portfolio consisting of 10 stocks with $100,000 invested in each.  The portfolio's beta is 1.20.  You plan to sell Stock X in your portfolio and use the proceeds to buy Stock Y.  Stock X has a beta of 1.50, while Stock Y's beta is 0.90.  After this transaction, what will be the portfolio's new beta?  Be sure to carry your calculations out to 4 decimal places.
Transactional leaders motivate followers through ______.
A one-year child is scheduled for a routine exam at the pediatric clinic.  The child's birth weight was 8 lbs, 2oz.  The child now weighs 18 lbs, 4 oz. What is the best way for the nurse to interpret this data?
A large distribution center of a package delivery company had an average of 2.5 major conveyor jams in each sort.  (A sort is when the semi-trucks bring packages to the facility and they are sorted to put into vehicles going to other centers or the final customer.  The sort uses a massive number of conveyors.)  The center runs 3 sorts per day.  Assuming the number of major jams follows a Poisson distribution, what is the probability of having exactly 5 major jams on a day?
