Figure 1: The bid-rent curves in the City of Baltimore.          All questions in this section refer to Figure 1. The figure shows the distance to the downtown in miles on the x-axis, rent per square foot on the y-axis, and plots the bid-rent curves for the offices, restaurants, malls, warehouses and two other unlabeled uses. You are asked about the unlabeled uses in the first question.      This city is characterized by the crime rate that increases towards the downtown. Families, who are renting single-family housing, are mostly concerned about the crime rates especially because many of them have children.     Circle one option to indicate the best answer.   1. [2 points] Lines 1 and 2 in Figure 1 plot the bid-rent curves of the business education and single-family housing uses. Business education benefits from the information exchange that allows students to get internships downtown as well availability of lunch options nearby. Determine which line represents the bid-rent curve of the business education and single-family housing. Based on this, select all correct statements about the bid-rent curves of the business education and single-family housing:     The land used for the business education is further away from downtown than single-family housing. Line 1 plots the bid rent curve for single-family housing and line 2 plots the bid-rent curve for business education. The bid rent curve for the single-family housing use has a positive slope. None of the above.          2. [2 points] What is the land, located between eight and fifteen miles away from the downtown, used for?     Housing and restaurants. Business education and restaurants. Office and business education. Malls and housing. Warehouses. None of the above.       3. [2 points] What is the lowest rent per square foot paid for the land that is occupied by the office?     $ 35 per sq ft. $ 27 per sq ft. Between $15 and $17 per sq ft. $ 13 per sq ft. $ 11 per sq ft. $ 0 per sq ft.    4. [2 points] What use does take up the most land (find the use that takes up the highest number of miles from the depicted 20 miles) in Figure 1?     Office. Retail: restaurants. Retail: malls. Warehouse. Residential: single family housing. Business education.       5. [2 points] Consider the effect of the stay at home order which decreases the restaurant consumption and mall visits by households. Both the restaurants and malls use has become less profitable. Hence, the maximum rents that the restaurants and malls are willing to pay both have decreased. Assume the bid rent curves for offices, warehouses, business education and housing have not been affected. How does this change affect the land use pattern within a city?     The bid-rent curve of restaurant uses shifts up. The land used for single family housing shrinks. The land used for offices shrinks. The minimal rent paid by the land use for single family housing decreases. The boundary between malls and single family housing shifts away from downtown.
Michelle has a child who recently turned two years old. The child often has tantrums to get his way and Michelle yells at him to behave. Her irritated behavior causes the child to act out more in response, which causes Michelle to yell even more. This bidirectional pattern of influence is called __________.
Which of the syndromes you learned in the karyotype assignment does this karyotype represent?
Which specie(s) of dermatophyte consistently fluoresces on Wood's lamp examination?
The surge of sex hormones that accompanies puberty has a wide range of effects on the body. One of those effects is to enhance the activity of the sebaceous glands, increasing the production of sebum. Which of the following is the most likely to result from the increased sebaceous activity?
What does the term claudication mean?
Apple suffered a major blow to its company image when it was discovered that many of the Asian companies that supplied its products forced their employees to work in dangerous and even inhumane conditions.  Apple responded by requiring its suppliers to improve the conditions in which their factory employees worked.  In doing so, Apple acknowledged it responsibilities to its
AFDELING B      VRAAG 4      Hieronder is 'n foto van 'n inkopiesak gemaak van plastiek.  Plastiek het sekere eienskappe wat dit sterk, duursaam (langdurig) en buigsaam maak. "CLICK" OP DIE BLOU KNOPPIE.
Predict which of the following reactions will occur? i. Ni(s) + FeCl2(aq) - NiCl2(aq) +Fe(s) ii. 2Al(s) + 3NiCl2(aq) - 2AlCl3(aq) + 3Ni(s) iii. Fe(s)+CuCl2(aq)-FeCl2(aq)+Cu(s)
Pandemonium is a made-up element with symbol Pn and atomic mass of 88.05 g/mol. Consider the reaction             2 Pn3H8 + 3 H2O
What valves are termed semilunar valves?
What is the course number of this course?
Define: Macronutrient
Select the prefix that has a factor equal to 10-6.
To President Jefferson, one major incentive to purchase Louisiana was to:
The "Great Migration" refers to
What vital step must you perform before you can label your main points clearly or put them in the right order?
In schools of cosmetology, what form is designed to release the school from responsibility for accidents or damages?
All of the following are side effects of oral anti-histamines except:
What CSI MasterFormat division is wood products typically included in?
