You must upload a single pdf file (use CamScanner or equivalent) containing a clear picture of your breadboard that shows your circuit, as well as your switch and LED legends. This file should also contain clear pictures of your scratch paper, including picture of your truth and voltage tables, if any. Failure to upload this file (and the one in the previous problem) before the end of the Practical will result in a grade of zero. After uploading BOTH files (this one and the archive in the previous problem), select "Submit Quiz" below.
During the time the novel was written (1800's), women did not have rich inner lives. Make a claim and support how is this attributable to historical criticism. Respond in a one-well written paragraph using evidence from the text to support your claim.
Right click the button below to open up  Figure D in a new TAB.  Figure D         2.5   In reference to Figure D discuss the artwork Venus of Willendorf by using the following points to help form your writing. *       What is a Venus? *       Characteristics of Venus of Willendorf *       And possible meaning/uses for this artwork.   (7)
Essay questions are the only type of questions where the teacher has to go in and manually grade. Tell me how did you like the HonorLock Procedure and testing in Canvas.
Who shot President Kennedy's accused assassin?
Use the information provided to determine DHdegrxn for the following reaction: 3 Fe2O3(s)  +  CO(g)    (r)    2 Fe3O4(s)  +  CO2(g)    DHdegrxn = ?                    DHdegf (kJ/mol) Fe2O3(s)            -824 Fe3O4(s)          -1118 CO(g)                 -111 CO2(g)               -394
When you are explaining contact lens care to a new patient, you can use the terms CLEANING and DISINFECTING interchangeably.
Which of the following elements is the most likely to react or form a bond with another atom?
public class Product {    private String description;    private int quantity;    private double price;    public Product(int qty, double prc, String dsc)    {        // code here to initialize the instance         // variables    }    // a. calcTotalValue method here    // c. purchase method here    public String toString()     {        return description + " : $" + price + " - " + quantity;                                }}  public class Store{    // the number of Products in the Store    private int numProducts;    private Product[] items;    // parameterized constructor here        public void insertProduct(Product prod)    {        // inserts prod in the next available location        // increments numProducts accordingly                                                          }     // b. calcStoreTotal method here    // d. processPurchase method here    public int findProduct(String pDesc)     {        // returns the index in the array where the         // product is found, -1 if it is not found    }      public String toString()    {           // returns a String that contains the items            // in the store    }}        public class Application {     public static void main(String[] args)      {          Store nccStore = new Store(50);                // loop to insert Products into the Store                // e. call to the processPurchase method here                                                                                      }}     Using the classes defined above, write code for each of the following below.  Be sure to label each part of your answer otherwise you may not receive credit. You should use the space bar for indentation instead of the tab key. Recall that you can use autodraw.com as scrap paper.   Write an instance method in the Product class named calcTotalValue.  The method should calculate and return the total value of the product.  For example, if the quantity is 3 and the price is 5.0, the total value is 15.0. (4 pts) Write a calcStoreTotal method for the Store class that will calculate and return the total value of all of the Products in the Store. Be sure to call the correct method from the Product class.  (4 pts) Write an instance method in the Product class named purchase that accepts the number of products to be purchased. The method should first check to make sure there is sufficient quantity to process the order. If there is enough quantity, the quantity should be reduced by the number purchased and the total value of the purchase should be returned. If the quantity is not sufficient to complete the purchase, return 0.0 (indicating that the purchase could not be completed) and the current quantity should remain unchanged. For example, if the quantity is 5, the price is 2.0 and the number to purchase is 4, the method should return 8.0 and the quantity should become 1. If the quantity is 5 and the number to purchase is 6, the method should return 0.0 and the quantity should not change (ie. it should remain 5).  (7 pts) Write an instance method in the Store class named processPurchase that accepts the description of a Product and the number of that product to be purchased.  It checks, using findProduct, to see if a Product with that description exists in the Store.  If the Product does not exist in the Store the method should return -1.0. If the Product does exist the purchase method should be called and the value it returns should be returned.  (6 pts) In the application class, write a call to the processPurchase method and display the purchase price (if the purchase was completed) or a message to the user that the purchase could not be completed due to insufficient quantity (recall that the purchase method will return 0.0 in this case) or a message to the user letting them know the store did not contain that Product (recall that the processPurchase method will return -1.0 in this case). (6 pts)
3-4) Use the text below to answer questions 3-4 Liz is a psychologist interested in human memory.  She randomly recruits 100 participants to take part in a study.  She shows each of the participants the same 30-second video consisting of 20 individuals marching down a street protesting in favor of a particular social issue.  She then has all the participants sit quietly in a room for 15 minutes before dividing them into two groups. She asks the members of Group #1: "How many people were in the small group of protestors that you saw in the video?"   She asks the members of Group #2: "How many people were in the big mob of protestors that you saw in the video?" She finds that the average participant in Group #1 estimated that there were 15 protestors, while the average participant in Group #2 estimated that there were 30 protestors.  3) What type of research methodology did Liz use in her study?
Which of the following enzymes is responsible for RNA synthesis?
A group of molecules working together that perform a particular function
You are caring for a patient who is to receive an IV antibiotic by a macroinfusion set (10 gtts/mL). The order reads 1 gm of antibiotic in 100 mL of D5W to be run in over 30 minutes. What drip rate should the nurse use?
Using your blood, explain the term viscosity.
El futbol y la industria del entretenimiento       Los deportes no solo estan entre los entretenimientos mas populares en el mundo, sino tambien son un de las industrias mas lucrativas del planeta. Los aficionados a los deportes generan grandes ganancias (earnings) mediante los precios de las entradas a un estadio, la venta de productos con logotipos de los equipos y hasta con apuestas (bets).       Un deporte que genera pasion entre millones de personas es el futbol. Segun un informe de la Federacion Internacional de Futbol Asociado (FIFA), mas de 265 millones de personas practican este deporte a nivel nacional, incluyendo futbol masculino, femenino y juvenil. Ademas, la popularidad de este deporte sigue en aumento. En los Estados Unidos hay 24,4 millones de futbolistas, en Brasil mas de 13 y en Mexico 8,4.       Historicamente, en varios paises europeos se jugaron deportes parecidos al futbol durante toda la Edad Media (MIddel Ages). Se considera que el futbol moderno nacio en 1863, en Inglaterra, cuando se promovio en Londres un codigo (rules) de futbol universal aceptado por todos. El deporte se extendio primero por Europa, y luego por el mundo entero, llegando a tener gran popularidad en Latinoamerica. La FIFA fue creada en 1904 y la Federacion Sudamericana de Futbol en 1916, ano en que se creo La Copa America - el torneo internacional de selecciones mas antiguo. La primera Copa del Mundo (World Cup) se jugo en 1930 en Uruguay.       Aunque es cierto que los clubes de futbol alrededor del mundo y la FIFA dejan una derrama economica (earnings) muy importante, tambien es cierto que la FIFA y algunos clubes devuelven algo a la sociedad: Desde 1999 la FIFA trabaja con la UNICEF con propositos beneficos, aportando dinero para el desarrollo del deporte en zonas donde las carencias (lack, shortage) lo hacen dificil. Ademas, organiza partidos amistosos para recaudar (to raise) fondos de beneficencia. Muchos clubes deportivos realizan tambien sus propios eventos para ayudar a su comunidad. Asi, todos ganan con el deporte.       4) Existen antecedentes historicos que indican que se jugaron deportes parecidos al futbol durante la edad media.
Furman v. Georgia (1972) established what?
Question 16 You are given a small bar of an unknown metal, M. You find the density of the metal to be 10.5 g/cm3. An X-ray diffraction experiment measures the edge of the unit cell as 409 pm. Assuming that the metal crystallizes in a face-centered cubic lattice, what is M most likely to be?  HINT:  Calculate the molar mass of the metal.  STATE JUST YOUR ANSWER INCLUDING UNITS IN THE TEXT BOX BELOW. Do not show work in the text box.  # your question on scratch paper and label answer,  Include units   If your number is in scientific notation use the superscript or subscript buttons in the task button up in the task bar above.  Show all work or receive no credit Show work to webcam upon completion of this problem.  Show units and chemical name or formulas if applicable.   Spelling counts.  Sig Figs will not count unless otherwise stated.  You will be asked to scan all your work at the end of the exam.
Exhibit 9-5Refer to Exhibit 9-5. Picture an AD curve and an SRAS curve intersecting at Point I on graph (1).  Which point(s) would this correspond to on graph (2)?
Using the key below and the results for a given unknown, pick the best match for the unknown organism.  The organism has metallic green growth on EMB. In SIM media, the growth is turbid but there is not a black precipitate.  Upon addition of Kovac's reagent, it turns bright red.  In Urease media, the growth appears beige.
You work for a company that is losing sales because it takes days to manufacture products. What technology can you suggest the company use to speed production?
