Answer the following questions on the scratch paper: a.  (6 points) Draw the Lewis dot structure for the molecule PBr3F.  Show all dots  b.  (4 points ) What is the molecular geometry (shape) of this molecule? c.  (4 points) Is the molecule polar or nonpolar? d.  (2 points) What is the total number of valance electrons in this molecule? In the text box, write the answers of questions b, c , and d and show the answer to part a on the scratch paper  - be sure to # the question. Do not show work in this text box.  SHOW YOUR WORK TO THE CAMERA AFTER YOU COMPLETE THE PROBLEM.    Show all work or receive no credit Show work to webcam upon completion of this problem.  Show units and chemical name or formulas if applicable.   Spelling counts.  Sig Figs will not count unless otherwise stated.  You will be asked to scan all your work at the end of the exam. # your question on scratch paper and label answer,  Include units
One of the main functions of the kidneys is to:
A sample of 30 measurements has a mean of 80 and standard deviation of 10.  Assuming the population is normally distributed, which value is most likely an anomaly?
43.  Metabolic pathways that have both catabolic and anabolic functions are called:
The thymus gland is located directly posterior to the xyphoid process.
Recovery from a single, bolus dose of the intravenous general anesthetic thiopental is rapid because:
A young woman with new onset joint aches and pains develops new-onset "easy" bruisability and nosebleeds. She has been taking one of her sisters medications as she thinks it might help with her pain. Her PT, PTT and TT are normal. Her platelet count is 225,000/uL (reference interval: 150,000-450,000/uL). Her platelet function assay (PFA-100) results are prolonged. There is no family history of a bleeding diathesis. What is the most likely etiology of the patient's problem?
A Parish nurse is responsible for the people in her church family.  A large part of this role is nursing mixed with what other attributes? Choose the best answer.
A(n) __________________ of planes or directions have an identical structural arrangement of atoms.
Give an example of an argument where the premises do support the conclusion (inductively or deductively), but nevertheless the argument is not a good argument. Explain why it isn't a good argument.
What do you think psychiatrist Viktor Frankl means when he claims that "No matter what the circumstances we find ourselves in, we always retain the last of human freedoms - the ability to choose one's attitude in a given set of circumstances."  Explain what that means and give at least one concrete example of the freedom to choose your attitude even if you cannot change the circumstances.
Ethnocentric is when you do not believe your group's perspective is the only correct one and thus, judging others based on their conformity to your way of doing things.
Sporulation under adverse environmental conditions is most likely to occur with:  (choose ALL that are correct)
Which statement demonstrates the principles of Habit 2?
Flu vaccination shots provide external benefits. Thus:
Thymectomy is usually recommended in early treatment of which disease?
A criminal defendant's right to compel the appearance of witnesses at trial is found in the _____ Amendment.
For a normal distribution, a positive value of z indicates that
In fruit flies, red eyes (pr+_) are dominant to purple eyes (prpr), and normal wings (vg+_) are dominant to vestigial wings (vgvg). The genes are located on the same chromosome. A pure-breeding red-eyed fly with vestigial wings was crossed with a pure-breeding purple-eyed fly with normal wings. All of the F1 progeny had a wild type (WT) phenotype. The recombination frequency between the two genes is 15%. If an F1 individual were test crossed, what percentage of the progeny would you expect to have the WT phenotype?
Tableau
