10. (6 pts) Let  . a) Find f'(1). [f(x) = 3x^2 + 5x + 2]
For which of the following scenarios can storage location-to-storage location transfer be applied?  a. Materials are wrongly delivered to one plant and need to be relocated to another plant b. Materials are transferred from a temporary storage location in one plant to a permanent storage location in another plant c. Materials are moved via a stock transfer between plants in different company codes d. Materials are initially stored in a temporary staging area and are subsequently moved to a permanent location within the same plant e. Materials received from a vendor are initially placed in a storage location for quality inspection to be performed before being placed in permanent location
U.S. and British aviators conducted bombing raids of Germany during the war.  What was FALSE about these attacks?
Ultrasound uses_____ to determine the severity of a stenosis,
A real estate company is considering a new project consisting of an apartment building with 50 units. Each unit can be rented for $2,000/month. It is expected to have an average vacancy rate of 10%. Net operating expenses are budgeted as 30% of the project's gross annual income. a) What would be the economic value of this project, using a cap rate of 8%? (5 points)   b) If the company receives a balloon payment loan to finance the apartment building project. The worth of the loan equals to 80% of the project's economic value. The monthly payment is based on the uniform payments over a 10-year term, but the loan must be paid in full after 5 years. Assuming the annual percentage rate of charge is 3%, find out what is the monthly payment, and the payment due at the end of the 5 years? (5 points) Given (A/P, 0.25%, 120) = 0.00966, (P/A, 0.25%, 60) = 55.653
Assume that there is a name stored in a string named full_name that contains a title followed by a first name and then a last name.  You won't know what name is stored in it, only the format.  You are to create a new string named new_name from the original.  You should replace the title as follows:  Replace Ms. with Madame, Mr. with Mister, and Dr. with Doctor.  The new title should be followed by the first initial (with a period) and then the last name.   For instance, if the original string contains "Ms. Lisa Henderson", then the new string created from the old one would be "Madame L. Henderson". You may assume that whatever name is stored in the original string, it will contain either Ms., Mr., or Dr. as the title.
In a nearby city, a total 250,000 m3/day is used for 300,000 people. This clarifier also has a hydraulic residence time of 2.5 hrs and an average overflow rate of 20 m3/m2-day. However, it has be larger for this city. What is the depth of this clarifier?
What architect creates functional works of sculpture?
The 2p orbital contains 3 different possible orientations.
Which of the following is necessary for natural selection to produce a better-adapted population?
Why is the main sequence so named?
A student plotted the following data to find the density of water:    Mass of Water (g) Volume of Water (mL)   9.8231 10.00   12.3465 12.10   14.8999 15.20   20.9875 20.50   26.0020 25.80    After plotting the points on graph paper, the student drew a line best fit and measured the slope. He reported his density of water to be 1 g/mL with 0% error. What should the student have done differently?
A particle of mass 2.2 kg is travelling past the origin at a velicity of . The position vector of the particle is . Consider the positive x-direction to the right, and the positive y-direction towad the top of the page. What is the angular momentum of the particle with respect to the origin.
EXTRA CREDIT: For the previous question, is the data you collected sufficient to draw conclusions about the levels of biodiversity of the two different locations? Why or why not? (2.5 points)
Which of the following is true about the Burr conspiracy?
A parent of a 2-year-old child asks the nurse why bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol) should not be used for diarrhea in children.  What is the nurse's best response?
Overtime, a population that experiences Natural Selection. Will the new traits passed on to the offspring be both detrimental and beneficial?
Ordered: heparin 40 units per kg IV. Patient weight is 114kg. How many units will the patient receive?
These organisms belong to which class?
GDP is the sum of the total market value of all goods and services produced in a nation during a given time period.
