Which of the following commands would you use in a computer software system to eliminate part or all the data entry?
You need to control the number of people who can be in a bar at the same time. Groups of people can always leave the bar, but a group cannot enter the bar if they would make the number of people in the bar exceed the maximum of 100 occupants (variable: int maxOcc). Write a method that, given the sizes of the groups that arrive (variable: int groupSize), determines whether the groups can enter the bar.  If the group can enter the bar, print a message saying, "Welcome!", and end the program. If the group is too large but the bar is not at full capacity (i.e., there are not 100 people in the bar but letting the group in would then exceed the maximum capacity), print a message saying, "The bar is very popular. Please wait." and,  if the group has waited less than 3 times, check the bar capacity again to see if there is room for the group (end the program should the group go through 3 checks without getting in the bar).   As soon as the bar holds the maximum number of people, report that the bar is full and print a message saying "Sorry, the bar is completely full" and end the program.  Write your method in Java. Your method must receive the int variable groupSize as a parameter, int maxOcc already exists as an instance variable in the class, and any libraries are already imported.  Do NOT concern yourself with any code regarding people leaving the bar. Just assume that is taken care of. (20pts) Your  method:
What photoreceptor is found in the periphery?
By 1920 mechanization was shown to have
This program, formerly CHAMPUS (Civilian Health and Medical Program - Uniformed Services), provides coverage for active-duty and retired members of the seven uniformed services of the United States. Type your answer in all uppercase.
Draw Lewis structure of a Br2O {"version":"1.1","math":"Br2O "}molecule. How many double bonds are present in your structure?
According to Anthony Walsh, biosocial perspectives are theories of ________.
Eukaryotes are characterized by
Haploid and diploid chromosome sets are common in both plants and animals, but plants frequently have additional sets of chromosomes--a condition called ________.
9 Part A What price would you predict for a 3500 square foot house in this market?
Excision of a cartilage
As the concentration of hydrogen ions (H+) in a solution increases, the pH of the solution ______.
A sample consists of every 49th student from a group of 496,
Which of the following conditions are associated with chronic production of large volumes of sputum?1. Bronchiectasis2. Pulmonary fibrosis3. Cystic fibrosis4. Chronic bronchitis
4.  There are 1000 ml in a liter.  A liter equals 33.8 ounces.  How many ounces are there in a 250ml bottle? Round to 2 places to right of decimal.  Number, no words
Geld verdienen! Yasmin hat auch einen Nebenjob. Sie verdient EUR120 jede Woche! Was macht sie hier?
What do you think about college in the corona age?  Has the virus taken important events or favorite activities from you?  Do you have people in your family that you avoid seeing so that you don't chance spreading the virus to them?  How are you handling it all? Is there anything that we could do differently?   Up to 15 points bonus awarded to students who answer thoroughly and sincerely.
You have misplaced the medication cup for measuring out a dose of 15 ml of medicated mouthwash. You do, however, have measuring spoons and cups for household measurement. Using your household measuring cups and spoons, how much should you take?
39.      Identify the projection and the bone     Coracoid         Coronoid          Deltoid          Femur        Fibula      Humerus       Malleolus           Olecranon         Process  Radial       Radius      Styloid            Tibia        Trochanter        Trochlea          Tubercle     Tuberosity    Ulna        Ulnar
What is another term for a complete heartbeat?
