Dr. He You are working on the infectious disease consultation team in your hospital. As a part of today's consolation, you are asked to evaluate and make recommendations for antimicrobial therapy on a patient. The patient, DL, is a 47 you man with history of a low cervical spinal cord injury, as a result of a diving accident at the age of 17. He is a paraplegic and has chronic indwelling Foley catheter which drains urine from his bladder. As a result, he has developed recurrent urinary tract infections over the past 10 years. He is readmitted to the hospital with high fever and presumed pyelonephritis yesterday. The preliminary results of his admission urine culture have returned this morning and show greater than 100,000 colonies of gram negative bacillus, confirming a UTI. You review Mr. L's urine analyses from prior admissions and find multiple infections with gram-negative species that were resistant to ciprofloxacin, levofloxacin, sulfonamides, tetracycline, doxycycline and chloramphenicol.   Multi-drug antimicrobial therapy is often necessary to treat complex infections. However, certain combinations of antibiotics such as aminoglycosides and penicillins are synergistic in their actions, while erythromycin and penicillins have negative effect on each others actions. What is an explanation for this?
AMAMAKI:   [5]         AMAMAKI ESIQEPHU C:   [40]
Which of the following structural formulas represents an un-branched or normal alkane?
A patient shows up with an impaired ability to move their tongue. Which of the following are possible reasons why they find it harder to move their tongue?
True or False: according to our lecture and/or reading testimonials are similar to statistics, BUT in the form of statements from satisfied users of the selling organization's services and products
5) The Office for Victims of Crime is a ________ agency. A) municipal B) federal C) state D) private
If you have a spider crawling on your right arm, and you brush it off with your hand.  What side of the brain did you use to brush it off?  EXPLAIN or you do not get any points.
A patient is scheduled for a bone marrow biopsy. The nurse understands this procedure and knows it would be helpful for an accurate diagnosis of the patient's disease. However, the patient may experience pain and adverse effects from the procedure. Which ethical principle should guide the nurse's actions in this situation?
Procedural law is one type of statutory law.
An elderly client reports symptoms of subjective vertigo. What is the nurse priority concerns?
Conditions responsible for respiratory emergencies related to ventilation include
During an assessment of a dark-skinned patient with dyspnea, the nurse assesses for cyanosis by looking for which of the following?
Petrology is the study of rocks.  What petrologic adjective is used to describe this igneous rock's texture?  The black crystals are a kind of amphibole that grew in the light gray, fine grained matrix.
A patient diagnosed with schizophrenia has taken a first generation antipsychotic medication for a year. Hallucinations are less intrusive but the patient continues to have apathy, poverty of thought, and social isolation. The nurse expects a change to which medication?
The development of renewable energy resources will likely
Which number in the above image is depicting the land mark used for the inferior border for whole brain radiation therapy?
Which of the following refers to the spread of the data around the midpoint?
Kassin and Sommers (1997) had Pp read a summary of a double murder case. The evidence against the defendant was rather weak. A police officer presented a confession of the defendant that was obtained via wire-tap. Jurors were more likely to find the defendant guilty if the judge ruled that the wire-taped confession was inadmissible because it was ___.  According to Kassin and Sommers' application of reactance, jurors would be inclined to consider inadmissible critical evidence if the judge based the ruling on ____.
Who believed that moral development, like cognitive development, follows a series of stages?
The produce manager at a farmer's market was interested in determining how many oranges a person buys when they buy oranges.  He asked the cashiers over a weekend to count how many oranges a person bought when they bought oranges and record this number for analysis at a later time.  The data is given in the table below.  The random variable x represents the number of oranges purchased and P(x) represents the probability that a customer will buy x oranges.  Determine the mean number of oranges purchase by a customer.
