Source 1 "German wartime propaganda [during the First World War] has been criticized on many different grounds, but its success in blaming the war on Russia was a masterstroke, mobilizing widespread Russophobia in the working classes, the people most opposed to armed conflict, and playing on the threat of invasion. As [a daily newspaper in Berlin] told its readers, 'the German people may honestly say once more in this hour that it did not want this war. . . . But it will not allow the soil of the Fatherland to be overrun and devastated by Russian regiments.' The brief occupation of East Prussian territory by Russian units at the end of August fanned fears of the so-called 'blood Tsar' and his 'Cossack hordes' further. Exaggerated atrocity stories appeared in the press and were given credibility by the letters of men serving [at the front]. Under such circumstances, it was hardly surprising that men of all classes decided that it was their patriotic duty to fight. . . . [I]n Germany, surrounded on all sides by enemies, the rush to volunteer was immediate and spontaneous. With no official encouragement, 260,672 enlistment requests were received in Prussia alone during the first week of mobilization. . . . Moreover, contrary to the usual claim [made by historians] that volunteers were 'war-enthused' students or schoolchildren, examination of muster rolls [lists of new recruits] and letters demonstrates that a broad cross-section of urban society enlisted, mainly for reasons of patriotic self-defense." Alexander Watson, British historian, Enduring the Great War, 2008     Source 2 "In Britain, the interpretation of what constituted sensitive military news and should therefore be suppressed was broad, but censorship was handled far less obtrusively [than in Germany]. Essentially, the British system consisted of a close control of news at the source by military authorities, combined with a tight-knit group of 'press lords' who . . . decided what was 'good for the country to know.' Important losses or battles often went completely unmentioned. When the [British] battleship Audacious was sunk by a mine on 27 October 1914 off the Irish coast, the loss was simply never announced. When the Battle of Jutland [a major naval engagement between British and German fleets] was under way, not one civilian knew about it. [Even when official censorship sometimes foundered], the press willingly censored itself. Why did British journalists cooperate so willingly in suppressing important news? The obvious answer is that they all belonged to the same club, whose membership also included the most powerful politicians. Publishing a casualty list (or a letter from a wounded corporal about military bungling) would have meant expulsion from the club; social ostracism apparently meant more to the newsmen than their professional duty to inform the public. The government also possessed positive incentives. In addition to breakfast, lunch, tea, dinner, and golf weekends in the company of the powerful, knighthoods and lordships were generously distributed among the press and, finally, prestigious posts in government itself. Alice Goldfarb Marquis, United States historian, "Words as Weapons: Propaganda in Britain and Germany during the First World War," article published in an academic journal, 1978            Watson, in the first paragraph of Source 1, uses the newspaper quote to support the claim that
Members of which following group are the most likely to be the victims of crime.
It is safe to assume that what someone fantasizes about is usually a strong indicator of what they would like to do in real life.
The cause of a primary immune deficiency disorder is:
All the following statements describe the so-called Columbian Exchange EXCEPT:
The structure marked "39" is specifically named: ______________
30. The Supreme Court has invalidated many more state laws than laws passed by Congress.
Your patient is post-op day two from a cholecystectomy. He has a T-Tube. Which finding during your assessment of the T-tube requires immediate nursing intervention?
This genera of fungi causes tineas or ringworm.
Bottled water has a consistent fluoride level no matter the manufacturer.
Ms. M was evaluated by a local ENT and referred to the SLP with a diagnosis of Paradoxical vocal fold movements. Which of the following symptoms was the patient experiencing?
10. Which organelle takes up most of the space inside the plant cell?
Greek god of wine and fertility.
Which of the following is a condition that gives rise to social movements?
A client is admitted to the emergency department after collapsing at the end of running a summer marathon. The client is lethargic, with a heart rate of 120 beats/min, respiratory rate of 30 breaths/min, and a blood pressure of 78/46 mm Hg. The nurse anticipates which initial therapeutic intervention?
The early infection in utero with a non-cytopathic strain of bovine viral diarrhea virus has this effect on the immune response:
What is a reflex?
Where is the Honorlock headquarters located?
Which of these will result from elevated PTH in the blood?
A patient fainted during gym class and the grandfather comes with the child  to the urgent care where you do a full physical exam.  When assessing a patient with syncope, to what part of the examination should special attention be paid:
