The Green River was a notorious serial killer.1. Who did he prey on?2. What did he do for a living?3. Describe his childhood.4. How was he caught?
A 1.00-kg hollow cylinder of inner radius R1=10.0 cm and outer radius R2=30.0 cm is attached to a frictionless axis with four very light spikes as shown in the figure above. The cylinder is spinning with an angular velocity 6.00 rad/s in the direction shown. A small piece of clay with mass m=100 g is thrown toward the cylinder with velocity v=5.00 m/s; it hits the cylinder at a distance d=20.0 cm from its center at an angle theta of 70.0 o with respect to the radial line.  The clay sticks to the cylinder. a)(3p) Find the angular momentum of the cylinder before the clay hits it. Show work and remember to specify the units. b)(3p) Find the angular momentum of the clay with respect to the axis of rotation of the cylinder before the clay hits the cylinder. Show work and remember to specify the units. c) (1p) Is angular momentum of the cylinder-clay system is conserved during the collision? (yes or no) d) (1p) Is linear momentum of the cylinder-clay system is conserved during the collision? (yes or no) e) (7p) Find the angular speed of the cylinder after the clay hits it and sticks to it. Show work and remember to specify the units in your final answer. f) (5p) Find the amount of kinetic energy of clay-cylinder system lost in this collision. Show work and remember to specify units in your final answer.
The age selected by the jurisdiction as the minimum age for a child's criminal responsibility creates a conclusive presumption that
Todd runs around the classroom, can't seem to sit still or concentrate, and is easily excited. With which common disorder might Todd be diagnosed?
TLB is a fast associative memory buffer that maintains recent translations of logical addresses to frames in physical memory for faster retrieval.
coron-
Although metmyoglobin can occur in the absence of oxygen, the most appropriate term describing the amount of oxygen when present that accelerates the formation of this chemical state of myoglobin.
In Java, the reserved keyword ____ means that a method is accessible and usable even though no objects of the class exist.
Which of the following medications should the nurse anticipate administering in the event of a heparin overdose?
Different hurricanes are currently referred to using:
A patient who has just been admitted with community-acquired pneumococcal pneumonia has a temperature of 101.6deg F with a frequent cough and is complaining of severe pleuritic chest pain. Which prescribed medication should the nurse consider to be most important?
Suppose you were to heat pure copper in argon gas instead of atmospheric gasses.  Given that argon is relatively inert, which of the following would you expect if you were to heat pure copper in the presence of argon gas?
Performance can be used to resist stereotypes or conceptions of racial and ethnic identity (e.g. Banning the Gatorbait chant).
Choose the most logical option  Nosotros vamos al cine porque ____________
Short Answer:a) What is a reduction-oxidation reaction (Redox)?b) Why are they always linked?
Which of the following statements are correct regarding sport injuries during adolescence
Bonus Questions (4 points) The points for bonus questions are "0" because you will not be penalized for NOT answering these questions.
A 30-year old patient who suffered an incomplete C5 spinal cord injury is referred to PT.  Given the patient's level of injury and abilities, which type of wheelchair will provide the most independence for this patient?
By how much does a 65.0-kg mountain climber stretch her 0.800-cm diameter nylon rope when she hangs 35.0 m below a rock outcropping?
Who established the principle of faunal succession?
