Ms. Frizzle broke up Dorothy Ann's cupcake into 2 pieces, but broke Wanda's cupcake into 3 pieces. Dorothy Ann became mad since she felt she wasn't getting as much cupcake as Wanda.  In Piaget's theory, Dorothy Ann would be in the ____________ stage.
Complete the main method below so that it reads in a file named FileIn.txt (assume this exists in the same directory where you are running your program). The method should output each line to another file named FileOut.txt that prefixes each EVEN line with "line X: ", where X is the line number (starting with 1). Look closely at the example output for more clarification. Notice that ALL lines are still printed to the output file. import java.io.*;import java.util.Scanner;public class FileIO {  public static void main(String[] args) { /* Your implementation here */ }} Example input and output files:     FileIn.txt   FileOut.txt     Here is  some texteven more   Hereline 2: issome textline 4: even more       Make sure to select the 'Preformatted' style from the dropdown so your code is formatted clearly.  DO NOT USE THE TAB KEY WHEN WRITING CODE AS YOU MAY ACCIDENTALLY SUBMIT YOUR EXAM. USE THE SPACE BAR INSTEAD.
A postural (slow-twitch) muscle like the Soleus has ________ than a phasic (quick-twitch) muscle like the Gastrocnemius
The nurse notes a pattern of late decelerations on the fetal monitor. The most appropriate action is to:
Of all of the industries that developed during the period between 1865 and 1900, perhaps the one that most affected people's lives was the railroad.  Perhaps surprisingly, one of its important influences was on time --standard time.                Originally, each railroad followed its own time.  Thus, if there were five different railroad lines using the same station, there would be five different clocks on the wall. no two of them alike.   In addition, there were often different times within a single state.  Illinois, for example, had twenty-seven, while Wisconsin had thirty-eight.  If you were traveling from coast to coast, you had to change your watch twenty times along the way if you wanted to keep up with the local time.  The confusion was tremendous.                In 1870, Professor C.F. Dowd started a campaign for uniform time.   He suggested that the earth's surface be divided into twenty-four time belts, beginning at Greenwich, England (which is 0 degrees' longitude).  Each zone would represent one hour.  The continental United States would have four such zones, which Dowd named the Eastern, Central, Mountain, and Pacific zones.  Thus when it was noon in New York City, it would be eleven o'clock in Chicago, ten in Denver, and nine in San Francisco.                In 1872, the railroads decided to adapt Dowd's suggestion.   But it took until 1883 before the plan went into effect.  However, no sooner did the railroads adapt standard time zones then the rest of the nation did the same.  As one newspaper declared, "the sun is no longer boss of the job.  People, 55 million of them, must eat, sleep, and work, as well as travel by railroad time."   In 1918, congress passed an act making the time zones official.  In 1966, congress passed another act that set up eight time zones, thus including Alaska, Hawaii, and all U.S. possessions.  Later, Congress also adopted daylight saving time in summer as a fuel-saving measure.  The only holdouts are Arizona, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and part of Indiana.   15.  The tone of the third paragraph is best described as  enthusiastic disapproving critical objective    16.  In paragraph one, the author of this passage reveals a bias in favor of  Greenwich., England. daylight saving time. eight time zones. standard time.    17.  One could conclude from the passage that  Congress has the power to enforce daylight saving time. Arizona, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and Indiana are conservative states. the railroads adapted standard time because they were concerned about fuel. before people traveled by train, standard time was not important.       18.  From this passage the reader can assume that  all citizens of Arizona adapted daylight saving time. residents of Indiana disagreed about adapting daylight saving time. Congress was confused by the time zones the railroad had established. railroads wanted to dictate its use of time zones in all states.    19.  The author's claim, " Perhaps surprisingly, one of its important influences was on time -- standard time." (paragraph 1)  is supported throughout the passage by specific factual evidence. is inadequately supported by using only generalizations.      20.  Which of the following statements provides the best support for the author's assertion in paragraph two, "The confusion (caused by the lack of standard time) was tremendous."  If you were traveling from coast to coast, you had to change your watch twenty times along  the way if you wanted to keep up with the local time. He suggested that the earth's surface be divided into twenty-four time belts. The continental United States would have four such zones.  Originally, each railroad followed its own time.
A teacher's education has given him or her all the information needed to be effective with all children.
Little Albert was conditioned by John Watson to fear a white rat. Eventually, however, Albert became fearful of any stimulus that looked white and furry. He became scared not only of rats, but also of rabbits, dogs, and even sealskin coats. This study illustrates
Two ants are at x=0. At t=0, one ant of mass [m1] mg starts to move along x axis at a constant speed [v1] m/s. At the same time, the other ant of mass [m2] mg leaves origin with zero initial speed and constant acceleration [a] m/s2 along x axis. How far (in cm) is the center of mass of the two ants away from the origin (x=0) after [t] s if they move in the same direction?
A disorder of lung diffusion that results from increased fluid in the interstitial space is known as:
Fluticasone is recommended for a patient with allergic rhinitis. The nurse includes this in the teaching plan:
How is hyaline cartilage different from elastic cartilage or fibrocartilage?
The part of the brain that specializes in logical reasoning, detailed analysis, and the basics of language is the ___.
Which of these diseases is believed to have been completely eradicated due to vaccination programs?
2.   Graad: [Ans1]   (9)             Adres: [Ans2]                 Telefoonnommer:[Ans3]                 Ek gebruik my selfoon die meeste om met:[Ans4]                 Ek stuur en ontvang e-pos met:[Ans5Ans6]                 Ek gebruik my selfoon om:[Ans7] [Ans8] [Ans9] (Skryf neer die gepaste opsies)                 Hoe belangrik is jou selfoon vir jou?:[Ans10]
A nurse is assigned to care for a patient who is suspected of having type 2 diabetes. Select all the clinical manifestations that the nurse knows could be consistent with this diagnosis. Select all that apply
Smaller countries like Tajikistan and Uzbekistan are lumped into a regional group known as "the Stans."  Incomes in these countries are low, there is considerable economic hardship, and the potential for disruption (economic, market, quality of life) is high.  Are these countries problem cases or opportunities for potential economic growth?  Why? [Your response should be country and resident related].[4 pts]
This characterizes the voltage waveform. Less of this determines better radiation quantity and quality
The return on total assets ratio is a profitability measure.
What does the physical characteristic of a light's amplitude correspond to in terms of perception?
Which of the following was NOT one of the provisions of the treaty ending the American Revolution?
