REQUIRED: Fill-in-the-blank after reading the ECU Academic Integrity Policy  Each student must type in their name agreeing to adherence to the ECU Academic Integrity Policy. This must be completed for you to receive a grade on this exam. You are to adhere to the ECU Academic Integrity Policy. You may not use any resources, other than your own brain power to answer questions on this exam and you may NOT PRINT or SAVE this exam in any format. Procedures governing academic integrity violations are described and posted on the Blackboard Course Information for NURS 6112. Academic integrity is a fundamental value of higher education and East Carolina University; therefore, instructors will not tolerate acts of cheating, plagiarism, falsification or attempts to cheat, plagiarize, or falsify.  Should an instructor determine that an academic integrity violation has taken place, she/he reserves the right either to assign a grade sanction or to refer the case to the University Committee on Academic Integrity for review. Type your name in the fill-in-the-blank below agreeing to adherence of this policy.
Pearl is in the fifth week of her pregnancy. This means that her baby is in which period of prenatal development?
Name your favorite comedy movie.
Apple's and Pear's divorce decree becomes final on January 1 of year one.  Pursuant to their divorce decree, Apple transfers to Pear in March of year one a parcel of unimproved land that Apple purchased 10 years ago.  The land has a basis of $100,000 to Apple and a fair market value of $500,000.  Pear sells the land in April of year one for $600,000.
The Dix-Hallpike test with the left ear down elicits a rapid torsional up-beating nystagmus lasting 10-15 seconds. What is the location and mechanism of the positional vertigo?
1.5   What type of source would the Bayeux tapestry be considered?
Upload your work (10 POINTS, to be graded separately)  Picture must be clear and include your NAME, "Exam 3" and DATE on the top of the paper. Work submitted by email will not be accepted.  Due to sporadic student issues, the following is an adjustment to the original Honorlock Upload procedure.   During the end of your Honorlock session, show your work to the camera to be captured in Honorlock. You will also upload your work upside of Honorlock.  This action is simply to confirm a match between your scrap paper the file uploaded.  Please hold the scrap paper for the two sections that will be uploaded for a few 2-3 seconds without moving such that if confirmation of with your external upload is needed.   As soon as you submit your exam (and close Honorlock), you will need to upload your work in our Canvases course, external to Honorlock.  Go to our Canvas course. In the first module "E3a/b & Practice Test Upload" there will be an assignment into which you can upload your work. Upload your work (only for the two questions) into the assignment "E3b, Exam 3B-CHE 110-Spring 2021-WORK UPLOAD".   The external submission must:  Be upload within 10 minutes of completion of the exam. The work must match what was displayed to the Honorlock camera. Replacement of an alternative image will be considered academic misconduct.  Include your name, clearly identify the questions, etc.   Work will not be accepted by email. All work must be uploaded via Canvas.
This is a Multiple Response Item    In planning for the discharge of a client with a new spinal cord injury, it is important to assess the client's support system and caregiver arrangements. Which aspects are important for the nurse to assess?    Select all that apply by typing the letter(s) to your answer in alphabetical order using no spaces, commas, or periods.   A. Availability of resources for caregiver support B. Level of care and supervision needed by the client C. Plan for transportation to health care provider appointments D. Assess caregivers' baseline knowledge related to spinal cord injury E. Possible need for installation of ramps and other safety changes
A 2.0 g bead slides along a frictionless wire, as shown in the figure.  At point A, the bead is moving to the right but with negligible speed.
One of the cardinal signs of inflammation is swelling. Which of the following is the principle cause of swelling
Below is a pedigree that shows the inheritance of a genetically inherited condition. What is the most likely mode of inheritance?
What is the strongest intermolecular force in the compound CH4?
Define the two terms: Somatic gene therapy vs. Germline gene therapy
Corn plants cannot be separated into discrete types or classes by their height.       What does the graph show?
Choose the primary source from the following:
Which of the following is NOT a major role that fungi play in the environment?
Berger describes sociologists as concerned with:
A client with a head injury is experiencing increased intracranial pressure. The neurosurgeon prescribes the osmotic diuretic mannitol (Osmitrol). Which intervention should the nurse implement when administering this medication?
The _____ is a tough band of tissue that joins the two hemispheres in the brain.
An otoscope is used for viewing the:
