If an isotope has a half-life of 50 million years and an 1/4 of the sample remaining consists of that parent isotope, the age of the rock from which it was taken is:
In one study, power was experimentally manipulated and it was found that power reduces perspective taking.    How was perspective taking measured in this study?
BONUS:  What kind of law could have made player pianos go out of popularity around 1909?
A quiz consist of 10 true or false questions. If a student guesses the answers to these 10 questions, would it be unusual for the student to get 8 questions correct?
One of the conclusions of Symbolic Interaction Theory states that humans act toward others on the basis of the meanings those others have for them.
Which statements about mixing blood are TRUE? (Choose all correct answers)
Which sturcture is a bursa?
If the diameter of the efferent arterioles leading away from the glomerulus increases (vasodilation) which of the following is not likely to occur?
Enter the answer to Question 25
Figure 12.4  The cell in the accompanying illustration is in ____.
A 4-month-old infant is brought to the emergency room with complaints of excessive vomiting and diarrhea.  The infant's heart rate is 198, BP 50/30, sunken fontanel, tenting skin, cool and mottling extremities, and has not voided for several hours.  Which of the following interventions would be highest priority?
A footer is a primary element in a wireframe.
Read Text A and answer the following questions (1-10);     The Real Consequences of Fake News Fake news, once confined to satire or the bottom of the internet, has quickly become a contender for the most influential phrase of the year. Following Donald Trump's surprise election, story after story has questioned the role that fake news played in swaying voters and for good reason. Fake news comes in many flavours, like satire or intentional hoaxes, but computer scientist Filippo Menczer said sensational news and social media campaigns filled with mistruths started to surge on the internet around 2010. "That is the first time that we started studying it actively, and at that time, we found several cases of websites that were publishing completely fake and fabricated news, purely for political propaganda," said Menczer, who designs algorithms to track political messaging as director of Indiana University's Centre for Complex Networks and Systems Research. Menczer recalled an example that occurred in 2010 during the special election for a US politician who had recently died. Hours before the election, a Republican group from Iowa used thousands of fake twitter accounts to spread misinformation about the Democratic candidate Martha Coakley. At the time, search engines prioritized "real-time information" from social media platforms, so these fake posts topped search results just as people headed to voting stations. Communications psychologist Dannagal Young believes blaming readers for spreading fake news from a cognitive perspective is somewhat equivalent to blaming a baby for soiling itself. They can't help it. This takeaway comes after a decade of studying how the human mind responds to political satire. Satire is arguably the most prevalent variety of fake news and arguably the best studied. The mental processing of satire is unique compared to other types of information, Young said, because it requires audience participation. What are the possible solutions to combat such phony facts entering the mainstream media? Some are looking to robots to save the day. Linguists like Victoria Rubin can engineer machine-learning algorithms to filter this brand of fake news from legitimate articles, for example, the verbal themes of satire are so distinctive, so salient, that they become easier to spot. "We were able to reach a total of approximately eight out of every ten stories being pinpointed as factually inaccurate" said Rubin, who studies information and media at the University of Western Ontario. These algorithms are trained to spot the hallmarks of satire, like extra-long sentences or unexpected juxtapositions of random people and places, locations. These programs, however, still struggle when it comes to identifying the type of misinformation present in sensational news items. Their attempts at a deception detector yielded a 63 percent success rate, which is higher than the human ability to spot lies -- 54 percent on average -- but not by much. However, human language and news stories are complicated in ways that computers have difficulty dealing with, and any automated method of fact checking risks reflecting the biases of the programmers who created it. In recent weeks, many have called on Facebook to develop such programs or other methods to stop fake news, but Young said the social media platform had tried long before fake news became a mainstream problem. A year and a half ago, Young said Facebook rolled out satire labelling for stories from satirical sources like The Onion. She said readers disliked this option because part of the allure of satire is getting momentarily swept up before realizing the story is a joke. Next, Facebook tried a button in the right corner of posts that allowed readers to flag posts as fake, but then satirical content producers like The Daily Currant protested, based on research to be published by Young in an upcoming book in 2017. Facebook appeared to change how flagged stories were distributed, and referrals from Facebook to The Daily Currant dropped by 95 percent within a few months. Menczer recommended that social media users who want to avoid echo chambers should follow moderate news sources or organizations that don't necessarily match their most intimate viewpoints. Or, "don't unfollow people just because they post something you disagree with," he said. "Unfollowing is one of the most efficient techniques to put yourself inside an echo chamber." Since the election, many have tossed blame on Facebook for creating "filter bubbles" or "echo chambers" in users' news feed. But this notion rings hollow because these platforms are designed to cater to a people's choices. These decisions, Young said, are driven by confirmation bias and motivated reasoning. In other words, people share articles after reading only the headline, because they want to think they're right, she said. She votes for bringing back human gatekeepers to tailor trending news and to prevent fake stories from running amok. "I would encourage people to always be questioning whether they're only getting part of a story,"Menczer said. "To make snap judgments that lead to fear and to discrimination against someone is not the right way, and will not get us anywhere."   Adapted from: Akpan, N., 2016. The very real consequences of fake news stories and why your brain can't ignore them. [Online] Available at: http://www.pbs.org/newshour/updates/real-consequences-fake-news-stories-brain-cant-ignore/
Increased level of estrogen will signal hypothalamus and the pituitary gland to slow down their production of GnRH, LH and FSH respectively except right before ovulation, which causes positive feedback.
She never walks anywhere she is really lazy.
The rise in [Ca2+]i during LTP induction activates two protein kinases. These are _____________ and calcium-calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII).
SCENARIO 7:   To image the oblique view of Mr. Fern's sternum you must rotate the patient                     degrees.
Vocabulary in Context To get their ideas across, textbook authors often use tables, charts, and graphs. These visual aids are an effective way to CONVEY complicated information.
Find the population mean or sample mean as indicated.Population: 6, 9, 2, 12, 13, 24
Which of the following is/are often observed in archaeological sites as a consequence of domestication?
