Mr. K, age 42, was taking a short break from working on his roof during the summer when he lost consciousness and collapsed in his yard. He was brought to the emergency department by ambulance. Mr. K has a past medical history of hypertension and takes 40 mg of furosemide daily. Vital signs: BP 82/40, pulse 124 and weak, RR 36 and shallow, T 41.4degC. Skin is hot, dry, and pale.   Upon initial assessment, you expect that Mr. K will be diagnosed with:
To find an image from the Internet to use in your Google Doc, select the:
PCI only includes angioplasty.
What would be the pH of a solution with a hydrogen ion concentration [H+] of 10-8 M?
All of the following are characteristics of an effective performance appraisal system EXCEPT:
Read each definition and select the correct vocabulary word to match it.
The parents of a 15-year-old seek to have this teen declared a delinquent because of excessive drinking, habitually running away, and prostitution. The nurse interviewing the patient should recognize these behaviors often occur in adolescents who
Avian erythrocytes contain a nucleus.
A symbiotic relationship between a fungus and a green alga or a cyanobacterium is called a(n) ___________________.
What is the range of the function  y=3sin(-2x){"version":"1.1","math":"y=3sin(-2x)"}?
The country of Bienmundo does not trade with any other country. Its GDP is $30 billion. Its government purchases $5 billion worth of goods and services each year and collects $8 billion in taxes. Private saving in Bienmundo amounts to $5 billion. What are consumption and investment in Bienmundo?
The portion of the phenomenological field that is most closely associated with you and an important element in our experience is the:
How would you optimize Color and Pulsed Doppler to prove ovarian torsion vs technical factors? Must Name 3
The common final pathway for signal transduction in the glomus cell of the carotid body is:
Using the Activity Series of Metals in Aqueous Solutions, which of the following statements best describes when calcium metal is added to an aqueous solution of platinum (II) chloride.  (Chapter 4)
Commercially, liquid vegetable oils are converted to solid fats such as margarine by
Why can't you use acidic conditions (such as aqueous hydrochloric acid) for the addition of a Grignard reagent to a ketone?
Which statement suggests that a parent understands how to correctly administer digoxin?
Classic research on the "autokinetic effect" showed that judgments about the distance a point of light moves can be affected by other people. This research demonstrated that:
Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.     His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together.   The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions.   For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse. This figure is associated with the text above and to answers to questions below.    The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle.    Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life.        The nervous system and the muscular system use what type of communication signals?
