In the STA 2023 Spring 2021 student survey two of the questions asked were gender and the number of pets you have.  The results are given in the table below.      0 to 1   2 to 3   4 to 5   More than 5   Total     Male   343   159   29   20   551     Female   625   374   86   37   1122     Other   5   6   2   1   14     Total   973   539   117   58   1687       a. What is the probability that a student's gender is male and they have more than 5 pets?  [1]   b. What is the probability that a student has 4 to 5 pets given that their gender is other? [2]
There are many different allographs of our speech sounds, such as those for the /k/  phoneme. 1. Write a word that contains the  /k/ sound (do not use the letter 'k')AND 2. Write the allograph that is in the word that you provided for #1 that represents the /k/ sound.
France has a private healthcare system, similar to the way the American system is set up.
What is the first wave seen in an ECG cycle
After the small intestine, remaining contents continue into the large intestine, where a large percentage of water is absorbed along with sodium and ______.
___11. The 2 types of liquid connective tissue are blood and:
A rock climber is climbing a "chimney" as shown in the figure. In which direction is the force of static friction on her shoes?
A set of twins, Andrea and Courtney, are initially 10 years old. While Courtney remains on Earth, Andrea rides on a spaceship which travels away from Earth at a speed of 0.60c for five years (as measured by Courtney), then immediately turns around and comes back at 0.60c . When Andrea returns, Courtney is 20 years old. How old is Andrea upon her return?
Which of the following diseases is caused by a pathogen that has an axial filament?
The word "ethics" relates most closely to:
VRAAG 4: DIVERSE ONDERWERPE     Beantwoord slegs TWEE van die DRIE vrae. Beantwoord die volgende vrae deeglik. Nommer asseblief volgens nommerings in die vraestel en skryf puntsgewys.     4.1   Identifiseer die uitdagings van die mikro-omgewing waarvoor Marcus Enterprises te staan kom in ELKE verklaring hieronder:         4.1.1   Werknemers van Marcus Enterprises kla altyd oor werksure en lewer dienste van lae gehalte.   (2)     4.1.2   Die uitvoerende hoof van Marcus Enterprises het nie 'n duidelike strategie oor waarheen die onderneming gaan nie.   (2)     4.1.3   Die onderneming haal nie sy doelwit nie weens 'n gebrek aan effektiewe leierskap.   (2)     4.1.4   Werknemers het 'n dispuut verklaar en hulle weier om te werk totdat die geskil opgelos is.   (2)     4.2   Verduidelik VIER voordele van massaproduksie.   (8)     4.3   Identifiseer die tipe verpakking wat Nicolus Sportswear gebruik in ELKE verklaring hieronder:         4.3.1   Nicolus Sportswear verander die verpakking van hul produkte  wanneer hy sportbyeenkomste adverteer   (2)     4.3.2   Hemde en dasse word saam verpak.   (2)     4.4   Verduidelik wat 'n werkgewer kan doen om die Wet Op Beroepsgesondheid En Veiligheid na te kom.                                                     (8)     4.5   Bespreek VIER beperkings wat buitelandse markte affekteer. Gebruik asseblief die onderstaande tabel om jou vraag te beantwoord.                Beperking:   Verduidelik van beperking:     *            *                         (12)         TOTAAL VRAAG 4   [40]         TOTAAL AFDELING B   [80]
Which Buddha is contemplated with streaming rays of light?
What are the 4 Ps of marketing?
In the race to develop a vaccine to SARS-CoV-2 a number of different types of vaccines are being developed, from nucleic acid vaccines, conjugated vaccines and subunit vaccines. In addition to these types of vaccines there are also attenuated, inactivated, chimeric attenuated and toxoid vaccines. Choose any two of the vaccine types noted here, describe the composition of the active ingredient in each (2 points) and assess the benefits (2 points per benefit, 1 benefit each) and costs of both (2 points per cost, 1 cost each) .
A nurse is caring for a patient with systemic lupus erythematous (SLE) who is taking hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil). When providing care for this patient, the nurse monitors for which adverse effect associated with the prescribed medication?
Tanzimat was...:
Technique charts are useful for:
What are the 3 key characteristics of microscopes. Discuss in detail any ONE of the 3.
The method for the detection of antibodies to rubella (IgM & IgG) usually performed is:
Which of the following plants did the Europeans introduce into the New World?
