Please write the correct formula you should type in Excel to calculate the forecast for 2021 using an exponential smoothing forecast method (the formula needs to be entered in a way that allows to calculate the forecasts for the other years as well). All references must refer to the correct cells in the file you downloaded for this exhibit.
List the three types of skin cancer we discussed in this class? Which one is the deadliest? Which one is most common?
What is the major organic product of the dehydration reaction shown.
The marketing plan at E-Tech Systems is based on a corporate restructure which divides the company into two separate groups: (1) Commercial Systems and (2) Personal Systems. Samantha Smith was assigned responsibility for the Personal Systems group. The marketing plan, which included a sales forecast next year of $100 million, was the result of a detailed market analysis. Sales representatives would receive a 20 percent commission on sales of personal systems. Under the new organizational structure, the Personal Systems group would be charged with 40 percent of the budgeted sales force expenditure. The sales director's budget for salaries and benefits of the sales force and noncommission selling costs for both the Commercial and Personal Systems group was $10 million. The advertising and promotion budget contained three elements: trade advertising, cooperative advertising, and sales promotion material. Advertising production and media placement costs were budgeted at $475,000. Cooperative advertising had budgeted production costs of $155,000. Cooperative advertising allowance policy stated that the company would allocate 12 percent of company sales to dealers to promote its systems. Sales promotion material was budgeted at 2 percent of company sales. Direct costs of material and labor and direct factory overhead to produce the Personal System product line represented 30 percent of sales. The company would assign $750,000 in indirect manufacturing overhead to the product line and $375,000 for administrative overhead. Freight for the product line would average 9 percent of sales. Samantha Smith's staff consisted of two managers and an assistant. Salaries and benefits for Samantha and her staff were $450,00. Using the information above to fill out the pro forma income statement below. In your response, use the letters A-Q to identify your answers (for example, to complete the table cell for "Sales", in the response you would type in "A. [this is my answer...].")   Proforma Income Statement     Sales  (A)         Cost of Goods Sold  (B)    Gross Profit  (C)          Marketing Expenses            Sales Expenses                 Salary (D)              Commission  (E)         Total Marketing Expenses  (F)               Advertising/Sales Promotion                Advertising (G)             Coop Advertising  (H)             Coop Allowance  (I)             Sales Promotion (J)        Total Advertising/Sales Promotion (K)               Freight Expenses                 Freight Costs  (L)          General & Administration Expenses            Manufacturing Fixed Costs (M)         Administrative Overhead (N)         Salaries/Benefits (O)    Total General & Admin Expenses (P)          Net Profit   (Q)
Why is it important for the state to define family?
Clonal selection and expansion are part of the adaptive immune system.
When Great Britain voted to leave the European Union, we saw dramatic changes in exchange rates based on speculation and expectation.
According to a summary of the payroll of Scotland Company, $450,000 was subject to the 6.2% social security tax and $500,000 was subject to the 1.45% Medicare tax.  Federal income tax withheld was $98,000.  Also, $15,000 was subject to state (4.2%) and federal (0.8%) unemployment taxes. The journal entry to record accrued payroll taxes would include a
Under what circumstances can a therapist violate a client's confidence?
Your patient is not able to get the last 5-10 degrees with active contraction of the final, terminal knee extension but has full PROM. What is this final ROM called and what way does the overall mechanism work in the normal knee?
What percentages should be directed at the whirlwind and new goals respectively?
Identify the specific tubes at letter B.
What volume (in liters) will 50.0 g of nitrogen gas occupy at 2.0 atm of pressure and at 65 oC?
Which of the following Single Line Text options draws text between two clicked points and adjusts the text height so that it fits between the two points?
Collectively, what is the top of the skull called?
The ____ produces bile and the ____ stores it.
What is the difference between anonymous and confidential? What is the primary advantage of each?
For an inferior good, other things constant,
A magazine article describes a study in which thousands of nurses have been followed for 20 years. The researchers have studied their diets over these years and kept track of which nurses developed various chronic diseases such as heart disease and diabetes. They have used statistics to show which dietary patterns were associated with which diseases in this large group of nurses. Which type of research is this?
A deficiency in _______ can cause a deficiency in folate.
