Identifications (2 points each): Choose 10 of the following items.  Define and explain their historic significance.    "Cotton is king!" planter aristocracy "The Peculiar Institution" slave codes paternalism overseers and drivers free blacks manumission slave resistance Underground Railroad pidgin Negro/African-American/Slave Spirituals Hudson River School Walt Whitman William Gilmore Simms Transcendentalists civil disobedience/passive resistance Brigham Young Temperance Oliver Wendell Holmes Dorothea Dix Angelina and Sarah Grimke Seneca Falls convention William Lloyd Garrison Federick Douglass Liberty Party Uncle Tom's Cabin Stephen F. Austin Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna Alamo Battle of San Jacinto Oregon Trail  Treaty of Guadelupe Hidalgo  Wilmot Proviso popular sovereignty Free Soil Party "Forty-niners" Compromise of 1850 "triumvirate" Stephen A. Douglas Fugitive Slave Act Kansas-Nebraska Act Republican Party John Brown The Pro-Slavery Argument Dred Scott v. Sandford Lecompton Constitution Lincoln-Douglas debates presidential election of 1860 James Buchanan Battle of Ft. Sumter Homestead Act (1862) National Bank Act (1863) income tax (1861) Conscription Act (U.S.) Copperheads Union Party  George B. McClellan N.Y.C. Draft Riots Lincoln's presidential powers Confiscation Acts (U.S.) 1861, 1862 13th Amendment 54th Massachusetts Infantry (U.S.C.T.) National Women's Loyal League Jefferson Davis Montgomery, Ala./Richmond, Va. States' rights Ulysses S. Grant Robert E. Lee Union blockade U.S.S. Merrimac/C.S.A. Virginia Judah P. Benjamin Trent Affair  modern weaponry Battle of Bull Run/Manassas Siege of New Orleans Army of the Potomac Peninsular Campaign Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson Battle of Antietam/Sharpsburg Battle of Chancellorsville Siege of Vicksburg Battle of Gettysburg Pickett's Charge William T. Sherman Battle of the Wilderness Siege of Petersburg Burning of Atlanta "March to the Sea" Appomattox Court House Wade-Davis Bill  Radical Republicans  Freedmen's Bureau "black codes" Civil Rights Act of 1865 14th Amendment Ku Klux Klan Tenure of Office Act Andrew Johnson's impeachment Compromise of 1877
Glucose is an example of a carbohydrate.
IDENTIFY (WHO, WHAT, WHEN, WHERE, WHY) and give the HISTORICAL SIGNIFICANCE (why it is important) of the following term: SEPOY MUTINY
An increased PACO2 leads to an increased PaCO2 when the patient is not able to provide enough work to move gas into and out of the lungs to meet the normal CO2 production of the body.
A temporary loss or alteration of part or all of the brain's abilities to function without physical damage to the brain MOST accurately describes a(n):
Small Business Leadership Involves pointing the way: creating and communicating the entrepreneur's vision of the firm.
A loss of function of the bulbourethral gland would result in semen
In which part of a neuron is the incoming stimulus received from the receptor?
The Truman Doctrine represents a turning point in U.S. foreign policy as it was really a declaration of the Cold War. What lasting implications of the Truman Doctrine make it very significant in U.S. foreign policy?
A charge nurse is assigning clients on the postpartum unit.  Which client should not be assigned to the LPN?
Which of the following would result in a higher radiation dose?
Who is the boss in The Office?
Climate is defined as an area's current conditions in terms of temperature, cloud cover, and precipitation.
I want to know if college students perform better on a math test when they take Adderall. Forty students participate in this research on two occasions: on one visit they receive Adderall, and on the other they receive a placebo. This way I can directly compare each subject's performance on Adderall to their performance on placebo, while keeping individual levels of intelligence constant. Neither the subjects nor the experimenter knows which type of pill the subject gets on each visit. What type of experiment is this?
First essay choice:
Which hypothesis do you assume when you do a hypothesis test and what hypothesis is the one you want to be true?
In "Mr. Linden's Library" Mr. Linden did not warn the main character about the dangers of the book.
You have a 1 M Tris buffer at pH 8. If you dilute this solution 20X for an experiment,
Same timeline.  Which arrow best approximates the origin of birds?
Choose the least appropriate answer: Factors that may cause barriers between parents and teachers include:
