What assessment would be most important for the nurse to monitor during a Calcium IV infusion?
Use the article below, entitled "Brain Knows How to Stop Thinking, Start Learning," to answer the question that follows. Brain knows how to stop thinking, start learning By Geoffrey Mohan Adapted from the Los Angeles Times Anyone who's ever learned music probably remembers reaching a point when they just played without "thinking" about the notes. It turns out that a little bit of disconnect goes a long way in learning motor tasks, according to a study published online Monday in the journal Nature Neuroscience. The findings could lend insight into why children learn some tasks faster than adults, and could point toward ways to help adults learn faster and to make classrooms more conducive to learning, according to the authors. Brain researchers at UC Santa Barbara repeatedly scanned the brains of volunteers as they spent several weeks practicing and learning six 10-note sequences. Then they looked at the evolution of how certain "modules" appeared to work together or became disengaged from each other. Not surprisingly, motor and visual modules did a lot of talking to each other, as slow sight-reading eventually became speed-playing. Subjects recruited other regions of the brain to work out the problem, too. That was true for fast learners and slow learners, according to the study. But what appeared to set the fast learners apart from the slow learners was how soon they let go of those other parts of the brain, particularly areas that have to do with strategies and problem solving. "Any athlete will tell you this: If you're competent at something and you start thinking about it, especially at a detailed level, you're just dead in the water," said UC Santa Barbara systems neuroscientist Scott Grafton, who has puzzled over motor learning for two decades. "Golfers talk about this all the time. It's OK for practice, but not for performance conditions." This time, Grafton collaborated with a physicist -- and now a MacArthur Fellow -- who specializes in complex systems theory. Danielle Bassett, now at the University of Pennsylvania's bioengineering department, broke up the brain images into 112 nodes and reorganized them into complicated matrices to reveal the equivalent of social networks. Then she analyzed how these evolved over time, and how that predicted differences in learning. That reshuffling revealed a more dynamic map of the brain, characterized by recruitment, integration and shifting allegiances over time. "If people are learning and changing their behavior, then there must be something that's changing in their brain," Bassett said. "The brain can't be constant. It has to be changing in some way." Motor and visual modules, they found, were well integrated across all subjects and for much of the early practice sessions. But soon, they became more autonomous. "As people learned the sequences over and over again, they seemed to not necessarily need that coupling anymore." The disconnection that appeared to be driving the difference in learning came mainly from the frontal and anterior cingulate cortex. Those are associated with cognitive control -- such as identifying strategies. "These are important probably early on in learning, but you actually need to get them offline and disconnected if you want to complete learning," Bassett said. That result might offer an explanation for why children consistently learn certain tasks faster -- music among them. Areas of the brain involved in executive function are not fully developed and integrated in children, research has shown. Eventually, the study's techniques could help figure out what kind of classroom environment encourages children to learn faster, she added. Even more fundamentally, the mathematical modeling used in the study could transform the way neuroscientists map the brain. [END] Question: What is the author's purpose for writing the article (PIE)? Explain your answer.
1.1.3   Jane & Lindewe own an accounting business. This is an example of a ...   (2)
5.5   Verduidelik aan 'n passasier wat vir die eerste keer vlieg hoe om in te boek met aankoms by die lughawe.   (6)
The outer tissue of the adrenal glands is the
Which of the following statements about the discovery of the Americas is correct?
Each adjective has four forms: masculine singular, feminine singular, masculine plural, feminine plural
Is the following statement true or false? Protein is not a good source of energy for horses.
Direct & Indirect Object Pronouns Choose the correct Double Object Pronouns to complete the response to the question below:   ?Tu le compraste una corbata a tu padre en su cumpleanos? Si, yo ________   ________ compre ayer.
Using the article "The Experience of Nursing Students who Make Mistakes During Clinical" answer the following questions. 1. How did the researchers obtain their sample? 2. The Systems Theory was used in the study, what does it say about mistakes made by humans? 3. If you were going to analyze this data, what preconceived ideas might you write down about the experience of making a mistake in clinical? 4. Create a Likert type statement (answered with strongly agree to strongly disagree) that could be used on an instrument to evaluate if a student had a damaging mistake experience or not.
DNA fingerprinting is a technique to identify bacteria that is performed by cutting the bacterial DNA with enzymes to generate a specific set of DNA fragments.
AFDELING B [ 150]         VRAAG 4 [ 58]             Gebruik die puntetoekenning as gids vir die lengte van jou antwoord.               Checkers se nuwe FreshX vlagskip winkels is voor in die ry in terme van Innovasie!    In 2019 het die Checkers groep hulle nuwe vlagskip winkel bekendgestel in Sandton, Johannesburg. Die span wat die nuwe konsep, Checkers FreshX, ontwerp het- wat nou in direkte kompetisie met Woolworths staan- het al die stoppe uitgetrek. Van temperatuur beheerde wynkelders, sushi op vervoerbande, koffie stasies, sjokolade deur eg Suid-Afrikaanse tjokolateurs, is dit maar van die innoverende toevoegings wat jy sal aantref by die nuwe FreshX Checkers winkels. Aangepas uit:www.businessinsider.co.za/checkers-flagship-store-sandton-city-mall-johannesburg-shoprite-compete-woolworths-kuaui-wine-2019-9            4.1    Definieer die term kreatiwiteit:  (4)            4.2   Bespreek die belangrikheid van kreatiewe denke in 'n besigheid. (4)              4.3   Verduidelik hoe kreatiwiteit 'n besigheid kan help met verandering.  (4)                4.4   Noem en bespreek waarvoor elke element van die SCAMPER metode gebruik word.   (28)                4.5   Definieer die term inheemse denke.  (4)            4.6   Verduidelik hoe elkeen van die volgende metodes ook beskou kan word as kreatiewe probleemoplossing-instrumente: a. SSGB-analise b. Porter se Ses Kragte-model c. PESTLE analise  (6)              4.7  Noem en bespreek 4 struikelblokke tot kreatiewe denke. (8)         VRAAG 4:   [58]
Describe the anatomy and behavior/purpose of the different categories of local circuit neurons.
During proofreading, which of the following enzymes reads the DNA and corrects mistakes?
A client with a diagnosis of pneumonia one week ago is taking antibiotics PO.  The client presents to the hospital today with a blood pressure of 80/42, HR 118, and lethargic.  The client's lactic acid is 5.3.  The client's oxygen saturation on room air is 82%.  An ABG has been done.  The result are: pH 7.26 PaCO2 50 mm Hg HCO3 28 mEq/L
What is an appropriate nursing action when a child is experiencing a generalized tonic-clonic seizure?
TOTAAL AFDELING B:   [10]
What does the word 'emaciated' most closely mean as it is used in paragraph 17?
For all positive integers  the quantity
Above Average is a large conglomerate that operates in 17 different countries. The corporate executives at the headquarters have decided that the company's objective for the next two years will be to increase its customer equity, or the value of potential future revenues generated by all its customers in a lifetime. Based on this guideline received from the top management team, the product leader of the home audio division has decided to adopt a cost-leadership strategy in all his 17 units. Thus, the decision made by the product leader best illustrates a ________ strategy.
