Extra credit case study In August 2014, a 68-year-old man sustained a deep bite to his left fourth and fifth fingers from his pet African gray parrot. The gentleman had a past medical history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, for which he took regular inhaled steroids. He was also severely affected by osteoarthritis, for which he took long-acting morphine as analgesia. A day following the parrot bite, he saw his family practitioner for a consultation. The practitioner noted a laceration over the fourth proximal interphalangeal phalanx (PIP) with reddening of the surrounding tissues, and a course of oral antibiotics that have a broad spectrum against most Gram positive and Gram negative bacteria was prescribed for a presumed diagnosis of bacterial cellulitis (skin infection)... In October 2015, the patient again visited his general practitioner with worsening fourth finger swelling and erythema and a new fleshy nodule on the dorsal aspect of the left wrist. In November 2015, a rheumatologist injected steroids into the fourth PIP joint. In December 2015, the fourth PIP wound reopened and his entire left hand became red and swollen. The orthopedic team performed an initial washout with debridement, and amputation was considered. In February 2016, a second washout was performed from which deep tissue swabs showed non-nucleated acid-fast bacilli on a smear. A comprehensive medical history taken in February 2016 revealed that, in addition to the African gray parrot, the patient kept tropical fish and had cleaned the fish tank thoroughly following the parrot bite. The organism identified as the cause of this man's infection is a naturally occurring aquatic organism found in freshwater and salt water. In humans, it predominantly causes soft tissue infections following exposure to contaminated water. The most common presentation is "fish tank granuloma", i.e., hand infection following exposure to fish tank water. The majority of cases have a preceding injury to the hand (e.g., bites, abrasions, or puncture wounds) prior to the exposure that allowed entry of the organism through the dermis and into the soft tissue.   Based on what you know about the cell structure of the etiological agent, is it likely that the fish tank water can be easily treated with disinfectants to kill the agent but not the fish?
Threatened by the popularity of cheaper, more fuel-efficient Japanese cars, the U.S. automobile industry convinced the U.S. government in 1981 to negotiate an agreement with Japan that limited the number of Japanese cars entering the U.S. market. The agreement is known as a ________.
The _____ muscles suspend, elevate and depress the larynx.
Which describes the outcome of using high kVp?
______is an infection typically spread by animals but naturally transmitted to humans. _______
Determining the exact nucleotide sequence of a gene or gene fragment obtained from an unknown organism is based on which of the following methods?
In Gregg v. Georgia (1976), and in companion cases, the Supreme Court set up a series of reforms. These reforms are referred to as the:
A 39-week newborn, at 5 hours old, wakes from a sound sleep and becomes very active and begins to cry.  Which of the following signs, if exhibited by this newborn would indicate expected adaptation to extrauterine life?  (Select all that apply)
The mass attenuation coefficient of lead (Pb) shows an abrupt increase, known as a K-edge, at 88 keV due to photoelectric absorption involving the innermost (K-shell) electrons.  The 88 keV energy threshold corresponds to the ____.
The internal response that customers have to all aspects of an organization and its offerings is referred to as
33. Which statement by a parent of a 12 month old diagnosed with Down syndrome shows the need for further education?
Write  1 sentence with a modal to show a HIGH % degree of NECESSITY. Write 1 sentence with a modal to show LESS CERTAINTY ABOUT PAST, PRESENT OR FUTURE. Check punctuation and capitalization.
Explain how disturbance, biotic resistance, and enemy release influence the success of introduced/invasive species.
When you added 0.9% NaCl solution to your red blood cells what "Scientific Term" would describe the resulting shape of the cells?
In the space provided below, show your work for the previous problem (calculating the NPV for Robbins Corp.). Doing this will allow me to give you partial credit for a wrong answer. If you do not show your work and you get the answer wrong, you will get no partial credit.
What do we refer by "digestion"?
The neural tube is formed by the pinching together of the mesoderm.
In the last month, Stacey, an intelligent and astute employee, has finished only half the work she was scheduled to complete. In addition, she has been taking frequent leaves, citing her ill health as the reason, but her manager suspects she has been playing truant. When the manager confronted her about her pending work, Stacey gave excuses: the work was time consuming, she was unwell, and it was not a high-priority project in the first place. In this scenario, Stacey is using a(n) ________ impression management technique.
Air masses reflect the characteristics of their source region.
The most ATP comes from ____
