Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.    His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together.   The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions.   For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse.   The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle.   Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life. 1. What original symptoms led Jarrod to visiting a doctor?
The female erectile structure analogous to the male penis is the ____.
International corporate level strategy where the firm seeks to achieve both global efficiency and responsiveness.
Essay #2 - Are Viruses Alive? In Module 2 we learned the cell theory of life...and then discussed whether viruses could be considered alive.  Write a paragraph explaining your thoughts on this topic and why. Remember class a paragraph is considered to be at least 5 sentences. Sentence 1 is your topic/intro sentence. 2, 3 and 4 are your content and 5 sums up the information you are conveying.
In the case of Kennedy v. Louisiana (2008), the Supreme Court ruled:
Students should be taught from the beginning of their course of study that their success as a student in ____ will determine their entry-level success in the salon or their first place of employment.
Which personality assessment did we discuss in class that looks at our personality traits over time?
Identify the bone labeled A in the following image.
In recent years, blacks' overall equality level with whites has dropped from 71.5 percent to 71.1 percent in 2010. The Index, which has been published since 2005, notes a/an ________, especially in the areas of unemployment, insurance coverage, incarceration, economics, health, and education.
Generally, a ____ home currency can ____ exports and domestic economic growth.
Ma huang is an herb that acts like a(n):
Providing heat at body temperature and saturating the inhaled air with water vapor to a patient with an endotracheal tube in their trachea will keep the Isothermic Saturation Boundary at the level of the:
Gender refers to the attitudes and behaviors expected of us because we are a male or a female.
Two solutions of different concentrations of glucose are separated by a membrane that allows both glucose and water to pass through. When dynamic equilibrium is reached, there will be:
48. The distance between the upper and lower lid margins is the:
________ is a midbrain structure critical to movement.
Which of the correct sequence of events in the humoral immune response?
When you indorse the back of a check, you are actually turning the instrument into bearer paper. This is the reason you would probably want to indorse a check only when you are about to cash or deposit it.
Characteristics, facts about, designers, design of Ergonomics Design would include the following:
Use the following information for the next 4 questions   Top That manufactures baseball-style hats. Material is introduced at the beginning of the process in the Cutting Department. Conversion costs are incurred (and allocated) uniformly throughout the process. As the cutting of material is completed, the pieces are immediately transferred to the Sewing Department. Data for the Cutting Department for the month of February 2009 follow:   Work-in-process, January 31--50,000 units       100 percent complete for direct materials; 40 percent completed for conversion costs;       actual costs of direct materials, $75,000; actual costs of conversion, $43,000   Units started during February,                        225,000           Units completed during February                   200,000 Work-in-process, February 28                        75,000 units       100 percent complete for direct materials; 20 percent completed for conversion costs   Direct materials added during February [actual costs]          $200,000 Conversion costs added during February [actual costs]        $387,000   Assuming Top That uses the weighted-average method to account for inventories, the equivalent units of work for the month of February are
