Consider 2 firms, firm 1 and firm 2, competing simultaneously but repeatedly with an infinite time horizon in the market for undifferentiated flags, placards, and other signage with numbers on them, with the following payoff functions:   PO1 = (51 - 0.1q1 - 0.1q2)q1 - q1 - 1000 PO2 = (51 - 0.1q1 - 0.1q2)q2 - q2 - 1000   What does firm 1 choose to do if firm 2 offers to enter into a collusive cartel enforced by single period punishment by reverting to normal competition, or tit for tat?
The tough, flexible, stretchy protein in connective tissue (and in other tissues) is ________.
Log into your Capsim account and take the final exam. You have unlimited time to take the exam, but the remote proctoring software must remain running at all times, with all attempts. You will see the video camera running in the corner, even when you leave the Canvas platform to take the exam. You will use this same quiz, each time you access the final to complete each round.    Click below to confirm that you understand and agree to the above guidelines.
When preparing a resume for a prospective employer, you should:
List the one identifying feature on a thoracic vertebrae , that lets you know for sure that particular individual bone is in fact from that section of the spine.
Which tool is NOT designed to dry traditional nail polish?
Having lost a case at trial, you are instructed by your client to appeal.  You have obtained specialist counsel's advice on the prospects of success on the four possible grounds of appeal you have identified. Counsel advises as follows: "Ground 1 has, in my view, a 50/50 chance of success.  However, with regard to grounds 2, 3 and 4, the trial judge made a decision which she was entitled to come to and there is no proper argument that she made an error in law which would justify challenging her decision." Whilst apparently accepting this advice, your client instructs you to seek permission to appeal on all four grounds as he feels that this will bolster his chances of success in relation to ground 1. What should you do and why?
What is the Pinyin for the Chinese phrase Bu Xie ?
If a cell had 12 chromosomes at the beginning of meiosis, how many chromosomes would each daughter cell have after the completion of meiosis?
The leading cause of death on the job is
The typical oxygen atom is described in the periodic table by the accompanying box. How many protons are in a typical oxygen atom?
Which is not a characteristic element of proteins?
Given the following proposed mechanism, predict the rate law for the overall reaction.             2 NO2 + Cl2 -  2 NO2Cl    (overall reaction)             Mechanism             NO2 + Cl2 -  NO2Cl + Cl          slow             NO2 + Cl  -  NO2Cl                     fast
Which of the following statements are TRUE regarding people with loss-of-function mutations in the IFN gammma receptor? (select all that apply)  (Note: 'Loss of function' means the protein does not work at all)
Which of the following is the first stage in the standard model of the new product development process?
Which of the following is NOT a vector quantity?
ER309 is commonly used when unknown grades of stainless are to be joined together.
A pregnant woman states, "My husband hopes I will give him a boy because we have three girls." What will the nurse explain to this woman?
Which of the following describes cancerous cells?
SECTION B: CONTEXTUAL QUESTIONS This section consists of THREE questions. Answer any TWO question in this section.             QUESTION 2 Answer all questions properly and number according to the question paper. Answer using bullets.         2.1   Discuss ONE advantage that a business can gain from globalisation.   (1X2)(2)                   2.2   Give one word/phrase for the following ways that a business can adapt to challenges in their environments.         2.2.1   When two businesses who have strengths in different complementary markets, usually by mutual agreement, become one.   (2)                   2.2.2   The purchasing of a company by another company usually against the will of the target. The reason is usually because of financial difficulty.   (2)                   2.3   Read the extract below and answer the questions that follow.             Most businesses have acknowledged the need to recycle. As a result, some offer incentives to people that recycle all recyclable materials. Such partnerships between businesses and the community are sustainable because they are mutually beneficial. Some companies even go as far as teaching women how to make arts and crafts from recyclable material. They teach them basic accounting and business management skills and help them to start their own businesses for their newly created products from recyclable material.            2.3.1   Indicate any TWO socio economic issues that are discussed in the extract.   (2X1)(2)                   2.4   Compare a Partnership, Close Corporation, Personal Liability Company and a State Owned Company in terms of the name, management and liability. Re-draw the following table and fill in the missing answers.                     Partnership   Close Corporation   Personal Liability Company   State Owned Company     Name                     Management                     Liability                       (12X1) (12)          TOTAL QUESTION 2:   [20]         OR
