The erector spinae muscles are innervated by the ____ of spinal nerves.
A nurse is discharging a child who has sickle cell anemia after an acute crisis episode. Which of the following instructions should the nurse include in the teaching?
The extracellular matrix found in sponges is A) spongin.B) collagen.C) pinacoderm.D) mesohyl or mesenchyme.
Words and phrases are transcribed using __________, based on the way that they sound.
All viruses have their genome surrounded by a coat containing what macromolecule?
Bismarck at the outset chose to expand Prussian influence into
Prions are abnormal forms of proteins.
The OECD collects data on how much a country gives in aid to other countries. Below is a set of data for how much money was given in 2000 and 2007 for five countries. The values are in $millions of 2007 US dollars.    Country Amount Given in 2000 Amount Given in 2007   Australia 1090 1670   Austria 318 360   Belgium 565 716   Canada 1240 2370   Denmark 1220 946      Find Kendall's tau. Round to two decimal places.
What color is the abnormal tissue after staining with acetic acid in a cervical biopsy?
Both the partial pressure and the degree of saturation of oxygen remain the same with altitude.
A nurse is reviewing the laboratory data on a client who has a new prescription for heparin for treatment of a pulmonary embolism. Which of the following data should the nurse report to the provider?
The nurse cares for a client immediately after sustaining a suspected left femoral fracture due to a work-related accident.  Upon arrival to the hospital the client is alert, oriented x4, and vital signs are stable. List the following provider orders (using letters A through F) in the most appropriate sequence for the nurse to implement in the care of this client. (i.e.:  A, B, C, D, E, F).   More than one sequence may be accepted!   Provider Orders  A.  Check for presence of life threatening injuries. B.  Obtain X-ray of left femur. C.  Check pulses in bilateral lower extremities. D.  Administer prescribed pain medication. E.  Apply splint to left lower extremity. F.  Administer prophylactic tetanus vaccination.
Characteristics that help to make the endospore so resistant include all the following  except .....
The Nurse Practitioner notes Herbeden's nodes at the DIP joints in a patient. This is most likely caused by:
Sixty years ago, your mother invested $6,000.  Today, that investment is worth $607,542.38.  What is the average annual rate of return she earned on this investment? (round to the nearest two decimal places)
Which area of the heart is more vulnerable to heart disease?
Programming problems:  Download the attached text document and complete the four programming problems as described in the document.  Save each solution as a separate python program file and zip up the four files and submit it to this question.     This section of the exam is open book and open note.  You may use what ever reference material available to you, but you may not work with other students or seek help from other groups or individuals.   final_exam.txt
What is the sequence of a peptide based on the mRNA sequence 5' UUUUCUUAUUGUCUU?
Which of the following findings would be LEAST suggestive of the presence of high-energy trauma?
The shape of the ________ determines the amount of movement possible at each joint.
