Within "Step 1: New Product Development", past production and cost performance is used to:
Filiform papillae play a minor role in the perception of what tastant?
Why is replication important and necessary in science?
A missense mutation in a gene _____.
Pitch is the quality of the:
Subtract as indicated, and express your answer in lowest terms.
Which maternal condition always necessitates delivery by cesarean section?**
The nurse is caring for an older adult patient who was admitted to the hospital following a closed head injury that resulted in a 5-minute period of unconsciousness. The nurse must carefully monitor the patient for which change?
Metabolism occurs in
From superficial to deep what is the correct order of tissue layers in the heart?
What individual is known as the Father of Genetics?
A _________________ is a way to quickly design and develop an IS.
Which of the following information is a phlebotomist required to document during urine collection for federal Department of Transportation drug testing?a. Total volume of urine collectedb. Color of urine collectedc. Temperature of urine collectedd. Concentration of urine collected
Which one of the following terms is defined as the emotional meanings which surround a word?
Which of the following researchers discovered sex-linked genes?
You've probably heard police officers on television repeat the same line every single time they arrest someone: "You have the right to remain silent."  Have you ever wondered why they always say this?  As it turns out, all police officers in the country are required by law to say these words, which are called "Miranda Rights."  They are named after a famous court case from 1966, Miranda v.  Arizona.   The Case In 1966, an Arizona man named Ernesto Miranda was accused of kidnapping and assaulting a teenage girl.  After a few hours of questioning, he confessed his guilt to a police officer.  Later, during his trial, the prosecution used his confession as evidence to convict him.  When the court did find him guilty, his lawyers appealed the case.  The case went all the way to the Supreme Court.  The case related to the Constitution, because the Fifth Amendment gives everyone the right to stay quiet when they are asked to confess to a crime.  Miranda's lawyers argued that Miranda did not know about this right, and therefore his testimony could not count as evidence in the trial.   The Result Since Miranda did not know about his Fifth Amendment rights, his confession could not be used against him, and the Supreme Court ruled in his favor.  The official court decision was over sixty pages long, but Chief Justice Earl Warren read the whole thing out loud for the court.  It had two parts: First, after the police arrest someone, they have to tell the person they have the right to remain silent, just as it is stated in the Fifth Amendment.  Second, the police also have to tell that person they have the right to use a lawyer in the trial and any time prior to that, and that if they cannot afford a lawyer, the government will provide them with one.  These rights are both found in the Sixth Amendment.  This is why you always hear police officers reciting these important rights whenever they arrest someone.  They are called "Miranda Rights" today. Miranda Rights Today The basic wording might sound familiar.  "You have the right to remain silent.  Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.  You have the right to an attorney.  If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed to you.  do you understand these rights as I have read them to you?"  However, there are actually over 945 versions of the Miranda Rights!  Every state and county can have its own wording. Not only that, but the Miranda Rights also have to be translated into many different languages, in case the police arrest someone who does not speak English.  There are also simplified versions, because it is important for minors and the mentally disabled or mentally ill to understand their rights as well. Some researchers have analyzed the wording of Miranda Rights from all over the country, and most versions are too complex for everyone to understand.  Some are so  complex, they are at the same reading level as a college textbook!  It is extremely important that everyone can understand that their right to remain silent and their right to be represented by a lawyer.  The law says that, in order to use a suspect's own confession against him, the court has to prove that the police read them their rights, they completely understood their rights, and that they chose to ignore those rights intentionally.  The Constitution gave us these rights for a reason; make sure you understand them!     What does the word "convict" most closely mean as it is used in paragraph 2?
Civil defense lawyers often align themselves with
Use the following map of four genes on a chromosome to answer the question. Between which two genes would you expect the highest frequency of recombination?
What are the short segments of DNA on the lagging strand called?
Unless waived, all criminal defendants in the U.S. are entitled to:
