Read the following Introduction paragraph and body paragraph, and identify in the provided text box the body paragraph's topic sentence by number (i.e., Sentence #1-15).                 Introduction: 1.Imagine how many families in America include a family member who regularly consumes alcohol. 2.Several recent studies prove that the numbers are large, but many people do not understand the effect that alcohol use has on the family (Jost 56). 3.Susie Smith, author of the book Families in Crisis and a professor of Sociology at Yale University, argues that alcohol use leads to broken homes. 4.In her article, "Alcohol Abuse-Does Alcohol Use By a Parent Negatively Impact His or Her Family: Pro," she defends her position on the dangers of alcohol abuse. 5.On the other hand, James Johnson, a law professor at Stanford, condemns the use of alcohol, but he does not believe it ultimately hurts families; he validates his position in his article, "Alcohol Abuse-Does Alcohol Use By a Parent Negatively Impact His or Her Family: Con." 6.Smith uses outside sources and appeals to logic, while Johnson focuses on statistics and appeals to emotion, as these elements help him support his position.             First Rhetorical Tool body paragraph: 7.Rhetorical tools are used throughout Smith's article. 8.She uses outside sources to defend her argument. 9.Smith cites a 2010 report published in the Journal of Family Law and written by James McKey indicating that alcohol abuse is the second leading cause of marital break-ups in the United States (Smith, par. 5). 10.The rate of divorce due to alcohol use is even higher when children are involved (par. 5). 11.Studies show, unfortunately, that the "[p]ainful effects of their parents' breakups can stay with children for years" (par. 7). 12.Smith quotes Edward W. Barth, a psychiatrist and author of the new book Adult Children of Divorce, who observes that "children of single mothers get involved in substance abuse . . . more than kids with fathers at home" (par. 6). 13.Smith continuously places blame on the party who abuses alcohol, whether it is the wife or husband. 14.It is so imperative that you do not use alcohol because it may lead to divorce, which then may hurt the children. 15.Susie Smith cites outside authorities to note the painful effects of divorce that can result when a parent abuses alcohol.
3. Between muscle contractions the sarcoplasmic reticulum cisternae contain large amounts of:
Which of the following is not among the "sin" taxes collected by the state of Texas?
Match the description with the appropriate object (A, B, C or D) in the diagram. OBJECT with the MOST UNSHARPNESS in the resulting image?
The minimum wage is typically used as an example by economists of a _____________, and may cause a ___________ on a market
One of the participants mentioned that there isn't enough storage space available on the computer's hard drive.     9.6   Name a utility program in Windows that can be used to create more space available on a drive.   (1)          To help the participants in the program to learn how to use different art forms you ask them to create a poster with tips on managing their work style when using a computer, and therefor will prevent health problems such as backache, headaches and RSI in arms and wrists.          9.7   Give TWO suitable tips for the contents of poster. Your answer should exclude the use of ergonomically designed equipment.   (2)           One of the participants also enrolled in a Business Studies online course. She said she uses Wikipedia is an online reference to 'look up information'.          9.8   a) Describe the essential feature of any 'wiki', not just Wikipedia.         b) Warn her by explaining why many academic institutions do not allow their students to quote Wikipedia as a source.   (2)
EXAM QUESTION #2 Instructions: (1)  On your "work" page, write balanced molecular, total ionic, and net ionic equations for the aqueous reaction between the following two compounds:   K3BO3 and  AlBr3 (2)  Type an "X" into the textbox below when you have finished so Canvas will mark this question as complete. (3)  Clearly label your final answers for all three equations.
One important point to remember when using the Kennedy classification system. Choose the most posterior edentulous area (or areas) to determine the classification
The student handbook is often viewed as a legal document outlining college policies.
In traditional routers, traffic forwarding is performed based on:
Which of the following views of product costs is consistent with financial reporting requirements?
Describe ONE method by which signal pathways can be reset.
Managers perceive internal product development as a high-risk activity and tend to choose acquisitions because approximately __________ percent of innovations fail to achieve adequate returns.
A company purchased an asset for $3,550,000 that will be used in a 3-year project. The asset is in the 3-year MACRS class. The depreciation percentage each year is 33.33 percent, 44.45 percent, and 14.81 percent, respectively. What is the book value of the equipment at the end of the project?
Assume that you are provided with the following strand of DNA.  Please provide the complementary DNA strand.  ACCGTGACT   Within the strand provided above, what type of bond holds the nucleotides together in the chain> What type of bond hold the two complementary strands together?
Live Session ( or watching replays) has helped me to learn and improve my French language skills.
Which medication contributes to constipation in geriatric patients?
To gain profit and experience in battle, a young noble often competed in the __________ circuit.
The procedure to aspirate the synovial fluid from a joint is called as:
Which term refers to the irregular areas of discoloration that result from ingestion of too much fluoride?
