Please label your answers with the appropriate letter for each part of the question. (a) You are elected mayor (congrats!), and you want to stop people from jaywalking at a particularly dangerous intersection. According to our cognitive dissonance and justifications material, describe an ideal punishment to implement for jaywalking at this intersection. (2 pts) (b) What type of justification needs to be insufficient in order to change people's behaviors through dissonance processes in examples like the one above? (1 pt) (c) In the study where children were warned not to play with a forbidden toy, how did children's liking of the forbidden toy change based on the types of punishment they were given? Make sure to describe both conditions. (2 pts) (d) Self-persuasion can be very powerful. Based on these concepts, how do we feel about someone we have treated poorly (after the self-persuasion process)? (2 pts) (e) Describe the main results from the study where participants were given a script for feedback that they had to read after watching a confederate go through a mock interview. (2 pts) (f) In order to prevent this process from happening, what would you need to change or add to the study in part e? Be specific. (1 pt)
What is the O-B-O bond angle in BO33-?
What is the formula for calcium phosphate?
Your client reports that she sometimes takes diphenhydramine (first gen antihistamine) for her seasonal allergies. Which of the following teaching should you provide regarding this medication?
The thickest and lowest pitched string on the guitar is string number _____ .
Le nord
The investment decision deals with how much money to invest in a firm's assets as well as which specific assets the firm should invest in.
A patient tells the nurse, "This medication makes me feel weird. I do not think I should take it anymore. Do you?" Select the nurse's best response.
What assessment should the nurse prioritize on a daily basis when a client is receiving furosemide?
A structure that helps prevent food from entering the nasopharynx is the
Another name for the 50th percentile is
A ______________ is a piece that sounds fairly complete and independent but is part of a larger composition.
1.10   The gravitational field intensity on the surface of the earth is g. What will it be at a distance double the radius of the earth from the midpoint of the earth?   (2)
Breast self-examination is recommended bimonthly between intervals of a mammogram.
Flashbulb memory is best represented by which of the following statements?
A client tells the nurse,  "My spouse abuses me often when intoxicated.  The drinking has increased lately, but I always receive an apology afterward and flowers."  Which phase in the cycle of violence prevents the client from leaving?
The term used to describe a position which is towards the tail is
Katie has permission from Ethel to hike on Ethel's land during the autumn months. Katie has a(n):
Haiku are non-narrative poems; they are instead highly sensory, relying on _____________ to describe a specific moment or scene.
The disinhibition effect means that people tend to open up earlier with more distressing issues over the Internet than they do face-to-face.
