Hermann von Helmholtz is to _____ as Wilhelm Wundt is to _____.
In each of the following short sketches, the investigators (or teachers) did something foolish. They made at least one gross error. (They also may have done some other things that were less than ideal.) Try to identify the gross error(s) or serious mistake(s).  In a short paragraph (most likely a sentence or two will suffice), indicate what was done wrong (or said incorrectly) and why it is an error and how it should have been done differently. Make sure to label each answer to match the corresponding question using number and letter (II-A, II-B, or II-C). Suggested time: 30 minutes.  Federal law requires all school districts to test students at the end of the academic year in mathematics and reading in grades 3 through 8. A school district hired Prof. Patternmaker to determine if average performance in reading was changing significantly between grades 3 and 6. Prof. Patternmaker used independent t-tests and an alpha of .05 to evaluate the data and answer the questions. A high school student was given a scale that measures anxiety. His score was very high. Before we can validly assume the student is very anxious, what do we need to know about the scale. For example, we need to know if the scale is based on a sound theory of anxiety. What else do we need to know (in a couple of sentences)? A doctoral student was doing a study that asked the following--do background knowledge, sustained attention, and language ability significantly predict the quality of text notes students record in the domain of history. The doctoral student was able to use commercially published, high quality instruments to measure language and attention but had to develop his own instrument to evaluate background knowledge. He developed the instrument and tested it with a representative sample of graduate students (N = 150). The coefficient alpha was .86. He then ran the experiment with undergrads at a local university (N = 150). Surprisingly, the coefficient alpha was .65.
Show all of your work for the test to the camera.  This is to verify the work you submit is the work completed during the exam.     Show that your phone is located in the same place your left it during the room scan.  Do not go get your phone.  Simply move the camera so that I can see your phone has not moved during the exam.    Failure to do these two items will result it either points deducted from the exam or a 0 on the exam. Type "I understand" in the box below if you have read and understood these instructions.
During the Great War, African American men fought
Which of these steps of muscle contraction is INCORRECT?
Which of the following have been associated with increase risk of cancer?
[answer1] is the genetic make-up of an organism, while [answer2] is the expressed characteristics of an organism.
"Lo derribo de un codazo." For this section, you may consult WordReference and the dictionary of the RAE. Spanish Accents
Emparejar   Where do you do the following at your university? Match each university place name in the left-hand column with the action from the right-hand column that is most logically associated with  it.
A 62-year old man is admitted with emphysema and acute upper respiratory infection. Oxygen is ordered at 2 L/min. The reason for low-flow oxygen is to:
The definition of the term family
The sociological theorist who introduced the concept of secondary groups is ____.
The right to stop and question suspicious people was established in the landmark case of
You have just taught a child to initiate a waving response when he encounters a  person for the first time that day.  What is the best way to ensure that the behavior generalizes?
Before giving Furosemide (Lasix) to an adult, the nurse checks the laboratory report for the last serum potassium level.  Which finding would be of concern to the nurse?
A wrights respirometer should be used for all of the following bedside spirometry tests except which of the following?
The period of sleep that is found in older children and adults and is associated with dreaming is known as __________.
Which is the correct order of wavelengths fro shortest to longest
Which Apollo mission traveled to the moon, but did not land on the surface due to technical difficulties on the space craft?
In the image below, the middle picture is what type of capillary?
