Write a JavaFX GUI program with file name LastnameFirstnameExam5.java that meets the following requirements and adheres to the layout included sketch.  Must set the title of the window to be "1331 Exam 5 - YOURNAME", where YOURNAME is replaced with your first and last name. Must include some non-editable text at the top to the window (not the title) with a short phrase of your choosing. Change the text font to either Georgia, Papyrus, Courier New, or Comic Sans MS; it cannot be the default font. Font size should be 12. Must include a plain Button.  The button must toggle the color of the short phrase between Color.BLACK and your favorite color.  Make sure this color is still visible in the UI (i.e. the color should be dark enough to be seen). You must set the button text to something of your choosing.   Must use the provided image below. We recommend that you use an ImageView to display the image.     WARNING: We will be compiling this from the command line with the image file in the same directory as the source code. If you choose to use an IDE during development, make sure that you place the image in whatever directory will allow it to load by only specifying the filename without any path information. (i.e. you should open the file as "filename.png", not "..filename.png", "/Users/Pictures/filename.png", etc.)   Must include a select one-of-many toggle group to control the alignment of the image displayed. There should be 3 alignment options for Top, Center, and Bottom.  Hint: StackPane has a setAlignment method. You may place this group beside or below the image.  In order to actually see the alignment change you will need to ensure that your window/stage is large enough. So, you need to set the size of your stage to be large enough to see the change proportional to the the size of your image. A good ratio is to make the window 3 time the width and height of the Image. To do this you can use the following methods: stage.setMinWidth(X); and stage.setMinHeight(Y);   Must use a Spinner UI control that will control the rotation of the image.  The Spinner should have a minimum value of 0, maximum value of 359, initial value of 0, and a step amount (i.e. amount to step by) of 15. Hint: Rotation amount can be changed using setRotate Another Hint: Look closely at Spinner's constructors to find one that allows for configuration of the min/max/init/step values on creation of the Spinner to make your life easier. Yet Another Hint: There are several ways to implement the event handling, we recommend using the setOnMouseClick method that is available to any Node   You must use at least one of the following children of Pane to control the layout of the Nodes: BorderPane, GridPane, HBox, or VBox. You must implement your event handling at least two of the three ways we taught: named inner class, anonymous inner class, and lambda expression.  For example, at least one handler as an anonymous inner class and at least one handler as a lambda expression. Failure to implement handlers in two different ways will result in the loss of points.   Points may be deducted if your layout deviates greatly from the one shown below. However, you do not need to have a border around the pane containing your image nor around the image itself. You may place the one-of-many button group below or beside the Image.  YOUR SHOULD ONLY SUBMIT A SINGLE JAVA FILE. ENSURE THAT ANY OTHER CLASSES YOU INCLUDE EXIST WITHIN THE SAME FILE. IF YOUR SUBMITTED CODE DOES NOT COMPILE, YOU WILL RECEIVE A ZERO. SAVE, BACKUP, AND TEST OFTEN! The following is an example layout for your UI, but as long as you meet the requirements stated above the layout is flexible:
A 1kg preterm infant with RDS is intubated for ventilatory support and in order to give Curosurf via the endotracheal tube. The nurse positions the infant supine as the RRT draws up 2.5ml. The single aliquot of medication is administered and almost immediately the RRT notices frothy pink secretions accumulating within the endotracheal tube.  The APRN should suspect that the infant's coagulation cascade is activated in the presence of the hemorrhage. Which cascade and which clotting protein is responsible for initiating the sequence of events to form a clot?
Imagine you have to prepare a web-page or blog with the title: "What I've learned in World History, and How World History Has Helped Me to Understand the past year of my life." You will write about five specific persons, places, events, or ideas from the times and places we have discussed this semester.  Choose one from each of the four course units:  One from Foundational Civilizations One from Classical Civilizations One from The "Middle Ages" One from Medieval, Round 2   Choose the fifth one (think of it as a "wildcard") from any unit.  Studying history teaches us perspective. Compose an essay of about 3-5 paragraphs where you identify each of your choices (who/what/where/when) and tell us what you learned from them that has helped you understand your life experiences of the past year. Conclude with original thoughts, introduce it all well, and walk away with your thoughtful A (I love this assignment - so - show me that you cared about it, and I'll reward you)!
A uniform solid cylinder with a radius of 10 cm and a mass of 3.0 kg is rotating about its center with an angular speed of 33.4 rpm. What is its kinetic energy?
According to p. 444 in WR, this periodical requires volume and issue number in the work cited entry.
According to Emerson, how does a person find solitude for reflection?
A searchlight is shaped like a paraboloid of revolution. If a light source is located 1 foot from the vertex along the axis of symmetry an the opening is 2 feet across, how deep should the mirror be in order to reflect the light rays parallel to the axis of symmetry?
Caffeine is an inhibitor of phosphodiesterase. Therefore, the cells of a person who has recently consumed coffee would have increased levels of which of the following molecules?
Ben owns a power plant.  A tornado comes by and damages his plant, causing the plant to spill hazardous waste. This is a violation under CERCLA.
"If the president were to die, the Vice-President would take over as president. But what would happen if both the President and Vice-President died simultaneously? Who would then take over as President?"
____________________ reflexes involve cardiac and smooth muscle activity.
How many protons and electrons are present in one Br- ion?
PET imaging can be performed with one single detector placed over the patient, even though it is not optimal.
In the note-taking method given in this class, you should leave the left-hand side of the paper of your notebook blank when taking notes.
Use the following diagram to answer the associated questions.
The most important concept behind the Code of Ethics is:
MRSAs are Staphylococcus aureus strains that are ________.
Find the sum.6 + 12 + 18 + ... + 756
Which of the following would be found in a Volkmann's (perforating) canal? (Learning Objective 3, page 15)
Which of the following statements is FALSE about the stages of syphilis?
