A hand dryer that previously sold for $31 has been reduced to $24.50. What is the markdown percent? (Round to the nearest whole percent)
What is the Linux command that lists the running processes that have been started by the user?
Problem 6 (19 points): A certain bakery knows that to make a batch of chocolate chip cookies, the distribution of the amount of time to bake has a normal distribution with a mean of 15.7 minutes and a standard deviation of 2.8 minutes.  (6 pts) If a batch of cookies bakes for too long, the cookies end up burning. The bakery notices that the cookies with the top 20% of baking times end up burnt.  What is the amount of time used for this top 20% where the cookies end up burnt? (6 pts) Suppose that in a single day, the bakery makes 49 cookie batches. Describe the sampling distribution of the sample mean amount of bake time used throughout the day. (7 pts) What is the probability that the mean amount of bake time used for the 49 cookie batches was less between 14 and 15 minutes?
Write the chemical formula for a compound made from sodium and the phosphate polyatomic anion. Name the compound. Formula      [bat1] Name         [bat2] Is it an ionic or molecular compound?     [bat3]
Which phase of ARDS does cell injury and edema fluid accumulation?
Weakening of the tracheal wall due to softening of the cartilaginous rings is termed:
100 mL of a solution with a TOC (total organic carbon) concentration of 0.5% is placed in each of the five containers with activated carbon and shaken for 48 hours. The samples are filtered and the concentration of TOC measured, yielding the following analyses:   Test beaker no.:          1          2           3            4             5 Carbon (grams):        10        8           6            4             2 TOC (mg/L):               42        53         85        129      267   The Freundlich isotherm is to be used:  X/M = k Cf 1/n The value of X (TOC removed) in the 1st beaker is (mg):
1.3   Which one of the following is not an organ of a plant?   (1)                   A)   Leaf         B)   Stem         C)   Flower         D)   Pollen
What is the latest a student can withdraw from the course?
Leadership means using one's position or title to force people to achieve a goal that one has given to them.
A 5-year-old child is in the clinic for a checkup. When performing the physical examination, what would the nurse expect?
Define Edict of Milan using one or two good sentences.
How many dummy variables are required if a categorical variable has 4 levels?
What are mental categories representing activities, objectives, qualities, or situations that share some common characteristics?
What structure is labelled 6 (the bracket)?
"In theory, all of the peoples of the world, though different in their degree of civilization and enlightenment are created equal and are brothers before God. As universal love advances, the theory goes, and as the regulations of international law are put into place, the entire world will soon be at peace. This theory is currently espoused mainly by Western Christian ministers or by persons who are enamored of that religion. However, when we leave this fiction and look at the facts regarding international relations today, we find them shockingly different. Do nations honor treaties? We find not the slightest evidence that they do. When countries break treaties, there are no courts to judge them. Therefore, whether a treaty is honored or not depends entirely on the financial and military powers of the countries involved. Money and soldiers are not for the protection of existing principles; they are the instruments for the creation of principles where none exist. There are those moralists who would sit and wait for the day when all wars would end. Yet in my opinion the Western nations are growing ever stronger in the skills of war. In recent years, these countries devise strange new weapons and day by day increase their standing armies. One can argue that that is truly useless, truly stupid. Yet if others are working on being stupid, then I must respond in kind. If others are violent, then I too must become violent. International politics is the way of force rather than the way of virtue--and we should accept that." Yukichi Fukuzawa, Japanese intellectual, Commentary on the Current Problems, 1881 Which of the following most likely influenced Fukuzawa's views in the passage?
_______ __are bacteria that need a large salt concentration in the environment to be viable.
The following are true of triclosan except one. Which is the exception? (Study Guide Week 10)
When treating a chlamydia infection, you must ALSO simultaneously treat for gonorrhea
You need to determine whether or not the following case has been appealed. Which function on WestlawNext Canada do you use?
