Match the correct crustacean appendage with the correct letter on the diagram.
GH causes the secretion of __________ from the __________.
Ethical standards in business:
Use the Euclidean Algorithm to write 527 and 187 as a linear combination of their GCD.
Which of the following graphs describes the relationship between [H3O+] and pH?
A blood borne bacterial infection could lead to sepsis within the host.  As a result, a clinician performing a white blood cell (WBC) count would likely expect to see an increase in the number of:
1. Evolution is defined as:
Asteroids are composed of [blank1].  On average [blank2] asteroids greater than 150 meters across strike the Earth every million years.  One of he most famous asteroid impacts occurred 65 million years ago close to the [blank3] peninsular.  Comets are composed of [blank4].  "The tail of a comet is a permanent feature" this is a [blank5] statement.  Most long period comets are thought to originate in the [blank6] cloud.
The paper towel floated at the end of the surface tension experiment of Lab Exercise 3.
The inventors of the Internet likely didn't consider ______ during its development.
The patient is a 33-year-old male steelworker who suffered a full thickness burn two months ago from molten iron splashing onto his right foot. He also has pure hypercholesterolemia and hypertension. There is a 40-pack-a-year smoking history but the patient did quit 10 year ago. The patient presents for elective debridement of the healing wound and split thickness skin graft.  OPERATION: Split thickness skin graft from right thigh to right foot OPERATIVE DESCRIPTION: The patient was taken to the operating room and placed supine on the operating table. After adequate IV sedation was provided, the right lower extremity was prepped and draped in the standard sterile fashion. Sharp debridement of the ulcer was carried out. The ulcer was approximately 4 x 5 cm in area in the lateral dorsum of the right foot. Debridement was carried down to viable tissue. A 4 x 5 cm split thickness skin graft was harvested from the upper aspect of the right thigh. The graft was then meshed and applied to the right foot wound. The graft was secured with a running locked #3-0 chromic suture. Two centrally located chromic sutures were placed for further support. Attention was placed to the donor site, which was dressed with Xeroform and 4 x 4 gauze. The right lower extremity was then wrapped in Kerlix dressing. Sponge and instrument counts were correct at the end of the case.  The patient tolerated the procedure well and was transported to the recovery room. Principal diagnosis: [dx1]Secondary diagnoses: [dx2]Principal procedure: [proc1]Secondary procedure(s): [proc2]Assign MS-DRG: [msdrg1]
Which holds the greatest amount of dissolved gases?
An argon laser is used in underwater communication in the ocean because salt water is transparent to the frequency of this laser.  The wavelength of the argon laser is 488 nm.  What is the energy of one photon of this light?
What is Lita's GTPAL?  Record your answer using numbers only, no letter.  Example: 1 2 3 4 5
In a Diamox challenge study, vascular disease will appear as decreased perfusion after the use of Diamox.
Which of the following statements gives the best analysis of the stability of the equilibrium  of
Thyroid cancer will most likely appear as which of the following on thyroid scans?
If the rate constant for a reaction is very small, it means...
ESSAY QUESTION NUMBER ONE Suggested allocation of time:  90 minutes.              Dominion Energy, Inc. is a regulated utility that provides electrical power to businesses and consumers in Virginia and South Carolina.  Dominion generates electricity at natural gas fired power plants and by means of wind and solar farms.  Dominion is incorporated in the state of Delaware and has its principal place of business in Richmond, Virginia.                Until recently, Dominion had a second business:  it owned and operated a natural gas pipeline system with facilities to store natural gas.  For several years, Dominion sought to expand this second business by building the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, which would bring natural gas from Pennsylvania and Ohio to Virginia and the Carolinas.  Although Dominion eventually received all of the environmental permits required to build the new pipeline, in the interim Dominion realized that the unregulated natural gas market was a poor fit for its regulated electricity business.                In addition, Dominion saw that the future of the natural gas market was increasingly uncertain as public demand for renewable energy grew.  As an expression of that public demand, the Virginia legislature had recently enacted a statute requiring public utilities operating within the state to generate at least 50 percent of their electricity from renewable sources by 2025.  To meet that goal, Dominion decided to invest several billion dollars in large offshore windfarms.              To meet its new goals, in July 2020 Dominion cancelled the Atlantic Coast Pipeline project and sold its existing natural gas pipeline and storage business, including real property and rights-of-way, to Berkshire Hathaway, Inc. for $9.7 billion.  Berkshire Hathaway is incorporated in Delaware and has its principal place of business in Omaha, Nebraska.  As part of the transaction, Berkshire Hathaway agreed to supply natural gas to Dominion's existing power plants for the next 10 years.  The specifics were included in a Natural Gas Supply Agreement between the two parties.  All of the sale and acquisition agreements, including the Natural Gas Supply Agreement, were formed at Dominion's headquarters in Richmond, Virginia.  All of Berkshire Hathaway's due diligence (review of documentation in Dominion's files) for Dominion's pipeline and storage business took place there.              In January of this year, the Virginia legislature enacted a second piece of legislation regarding climate change.  The statute, entitled the Decarbonize Virginia's Power Generation Act or PGA for short, required all electric utilities operating within the state of Virginia to phase out their coal-fired and natural gas-fired power plants by the end of 2024.  If necessary, Virginia utilities were permitted by the Act to purchase electricity from utilities in other states, importing it through the national electrical power grid.              Shortly after the enactment of PGA, Dominion notified Berkshire Hathaway that Dominion would not be able to honor its commitment under their Natural Gas Supply Agreement to purchase the quantities of natural gas specified by the agreement.  Its purchases would continue through the year 2023, taper off during the year 2024, and end entirely by January 1, 2025.              Berkshire Hathaway then brought suit in Nebraska state court for breach of contract by anticipatory repudiation.  Berkshire Hathaway asked the court to apply Nebraska substantive law, including Nebraska's version of the Uniform Commercial Code.  There was no acrimony between the parties; Berkshire Hathaway had filed the suit to allocate the loss between the two parties.              In its answer, Dominion consented to the court's personal jurisdiction and asked the court either to dismiss Berkshire Hathaway's action with leave to refile the suit in Virginia state court or to apply Virginia substantive law to the suit.  In support of its position, Dominion cited the following provisions of Virginia statutes:  Virginia Public Utilities Code (PUC) SS 6.24:  All legal proceedings against a utility regulated by the Virginia Public Utilities Commission shall be brought in the state courts of Virginia and within one year of the date when the claim first arose.  Proceedings brought elsewhere shall be dismissed by the court with leave to refile the proceedings in a Virginia state court. Decarbonize Virginia's Power Generation Act (PGA) SS 1.1:  The Legislature of Virginia hereby declares the decarbonization of electrical power generation to be the strong public policy of Virginia.  All arrangements for the generation of electrical power for consumption in Virginia shall conform to that public policy. PGA SS 3.4:  The Public Utilities Commission of Virginia may promulgate regulations to implement this Act and, where necessary, to impose fines up to five percent of an entity's annual gross revenue for violations of this Act or those regulations.  In the discretion of the Commission, its regulations under this Act may be retroactive to the Act's date of enactment.  To date, the Public Utilities Commission of Virginia has not promulgated any regulations under the PGA.              You are the clerk for the Nebraska trial court judge.  The judge asks you to recommend a choice-of-law analysis for the dispute for the judge's consideration.  The judge asks you to anticipate the arguments likely to be made by the two litigants.              You may assume the following:  The Nebraska Supreme Court has not definitively adopted the approach of the Second Restatement of Conflicts but has shown a willingness to consider the approaches of both the First and Second Restatements.  The Natural Gas Supply Agreement includes no choice of law provision, no choice of forum provision, and no arbitration provision.    No part of the pipeline and storage system purchased by Berkshire Hathaway from Dominion serves the Nebraska market.     Berkshire Hathaway has extensive insurance operations.  Those operations are regulated by the Nebraska Insurance Commission.     The Nebraska statute of limitations provides a limitations period of four years for contract actions, a reduction of the limitations period to two years for suits brought against Nebraska-regulated insurance companies, and an expansion of the limitations period to six years for suits brought by Nebraska-regulated insurance companies.               Essay Question No. 1:  What is your choice-of-law analysis for your judge? Upon completion of this question, submit your answer and exit this exam. You may begin PART TWO of the exam as soon as you are ready. Remember, this is your only break during the exam.
A quality control scientist was interested to study the actual amount of soda (in ounces) in a standard 12-oz can.  He analyzed a random sample of 24 such cans.  The following numerical summaries were computed.   Which of the following is the proper interpretation of the standard deviation (in the context of the problem)?
