Jaspar Company has a payback goal of 3 years on new equipment acquisitions. A new sorter is being evaluated that costs $450,000 and has a 5-year life. Straight-line depreciation will be used; no salvage value is anticipated. Jaspar is subject to a 40% income tax rate. To meet the company's payback goal, the sorter must generate reductions in annual cash operating costs of
The multi-level grouping of individual organisms is a means of
A member of the cross-country team has recently become withdrawn. Her teammates notice she is increasingly more concerned about her weight. Which of the following IS NOT a sign that she may have an eating disorder?
Translate the following sentences into Chinese with the given structures.  He started to play with his cell phone as soon as he got home. (...Qi Lai ) Please read the text from beginning to end once. (...Bian ) Put the pen and paper on the desk. (...Ba ...) Li You is allergic to fish, so let's not order fish. (Dui ......) Who is that person who asked you to dance? ( Verbal Phrase + De  as attributive)
Which of the following apply to Lactic Acid  Bacteria? Choose all that apply.
Which two DNA nitrogenous bases are held together by 2 hydrogen bonds?
A single strand of nucleic acid is held together by phosphodiester bonds between nucleotide. What is the term for this chain of bonds?
Die Schule ist ___.
Which of these can be controlled with diet modifications?
A vertical sequence of sedimentary rocks with no significant depositional breaks is said to be:
Bacteria are _____ cells, defined by the _____
Download this data file and this data file. Modify each according to the instructions below. Upload your finished work to Canvas using the link.    Problem 1. (60 points) Create a PivotTable and PivotChart for Pooky's Blazin' Barbecue that analyzes a year's worth of sales data. Perform the following tasks to help Pooky:    1. Open the data file associated with Pooky's Blazin' Barbecue for this test in Canvas.   2. Save the workbook using the file name [Your Name] Final Exam Problems (entering your own name in the place of [Your Name]).    3. Format the data in the cells A3:B252 as an Excel table, Blue, Table Style Medium 9, and name it BBQ.Sales. Add the following data in the rows immediately below the table. Verify that the table has expanded to accommodate the new data.      1/10/2020 $1,499        2/26/2020 $1,489        4/14/2020 $1,651        5/6/2020 $1,666        8/10/2020 $1,552        9/21/2020 $1,629        10/15/2020 $1,486        12/4/2020 $1,636       4. Apply the Facet theme. Use Help to learn about grouping data such as dates in a PivotTable and PivotChart. This will be used in requirement 10 below.    5. Create a PivotTable in a new worksheet based on the data in the Sales Data worksheet. Use Date as the Rows field and use Sales as the Values field. (Excel breaks the date fields down into months and days.)     6. Change the name of the new worksheet containing the PivotTable to Income Review. Change the PivotTable style to 'Pivot Style Medium 17'.    7. Add the title Pooky's Blazin' Barbecue in the upper left-hand corner of the worksheet. Format using the Title cell style.    8. Type the subtitle Income 2020 immediately underneath the title. Format using the Heading 2 cell style. Merge and center the titles across columns A and B.    9. Insert two blank rows above the PivotTable for future filters. Format the Sales data using the Currency cell style, no decimal. Set the width of columns A and B  to 20.    10. Based on the Help instructions from requirement 4, group the daily sales figures by months and quarters. (Hint: you will use the Grouping dialog box.) Display the Expand and Collapse buttons.     11. Create a PivotChart, and locate it on the same worksheet as the PivotTable. Use the 3-D Clustered Column chart type, and set up the chart to have no legend.    12. Hide the Expand and Collapse buttons in the PivotChart. Right-click in the chart area, choose '3-D Rotation' on the shortcut menu, and set X rotation to 100deg and Y rotation to 50deg.    13. Change chart colors to Monochromatic Palette 8. Edit the chart title to match the PivotTable title. Resize the PivotChart to fill cells D1 through L22.    14. Set the Income Review worksheet to print in landscape orientation.            Problem 2. (90 points) You want to select the best payback option for a car loan you are considering. You will need to perform the following tasks:    1. Open the data file associated with this test in Canvas.   2. Move the sheet Car Loan Calculator to the workbook [Your Name] Final Exam Problems so it becomes the last sheet in the workbook.    3. Enter a loan amount of $21,500, interest rate of 5.9% and term of 54 months in the payment calculator section of the workbook.    4. Enter appropriate formulas or cell references in cells B5 through D5 to create headers for the output data table (that is, the Interest Rate Schedule). The total loan cost is the principal loan amount borrowed plus total interest.     5. Fill in interest rates from 3.00% to 6.00% in increments of 0.50% in the Interest Rate column of the Interest Rate Schedule, using the fill handle or the Fill Series dialog.    6. Fill in the data table (Interest Rate Schedule) using Excel's Data Table functionality. (The interest rate from the Car Loan Payment calculator will serve as the column input cell for the data table.)     7. Use Goal Seek to determine how many months you will need to pay off the loan if you change the amount paid per month to $450. Round to the nearest whole month. Update the Loan Payoff Options table with the results of this Goal Seek.     8. Now use Goal Seek to determine how many months you would need to pay off the loan if you pay $350 per month. Round to the nearest whole month. Update the Loan Payoff Options table with the results of this Goal Seek.     9. Reduce the loan term to 42 months and record the monthly payment and total interest paid in the Loan Payoff Options table.    10. Use Goal Seek to determine the Monthly Payment and Months (by changing the number of months) for the final option in the Loan Payoff Options table, reducing the total interest paid to $2,500. Update the Loan Payoff Options table with the results.     11. Save the current Scenario under the name Original Loan Terms that shows the resulting monthly payment and total interest under this scenario. (The changing cells for the Scenario are the interest rate and number of months.)     12. The car dealer is prepared to offer you an interest rate of 4.9% if you pay over 36 months. Create a Scenario named Interest rate 4.9% paid over 36 months that shows the resulting monthly payment and total interest. (Once again, the changing cells are the interest rate and number of months.)      13. Finally, the dealer is willing to offer an interest rate of 4.4% if you pay over 24 months. Create a third Scenario named Interest rate 4.4% paid over 24 months that shows the resulting monthly payment and total interest (same changing cells as before).     14. Prepare a Scenario Summary showing what would happen to the monthly payment and total interest under each of the three scenarios. Rename the worksheet Dealer Offer Summary. Hide the gridlines.     15. Prepare a Scenario PivotTable based on the three scenarios. Insert a 3-D Column PivotChart below the PivotTable. Filter out the Interest rate 4.4% paid over 24 months (on the PivotChart and PivotTable) because the payment is too high for your current budget. Select Chart Style 9 for the PivotChart and add the title Dealer Offer Analysis.      16. Rename the worksheet Pivot for Dealer Offers. Change the tab color to Green, Accent 1 (row 1, column 5).    17. Return to the Car Loan Calculator worksheet. Type 4.50% in cell A14. In cell B14 insert a VLOOKUP function to identify the total interest amount that would be paid under that rate from the Interest Rate Schedule. Type 6.00% in cell A15. Copy the VLOOKUP function from cell B14 to B15 (to confirm that the formula works).      18. Check spelling, save the workbook and upload it to Canvas.
Which one of the following data are discrete?
A test biological pack is placed in which area of the stam sterilizer?
Maslow states that metapathology prevents self-actualizers from expressing, using, and fulfilling their potential.
IgA antibodies being transferred from the mother's milk to a newborn baby during breast-feeding is an example of
The distribution of all students' exam scores for a large Statistics class has a mean of 81.85 and a standard deviation of 12.16.  What is the probability that the average exam score of a random sample of 45 Statistics students is more than 86?   a. Can the normal distribution be used to approximate probabilities? [1.]   b. What is the probability that the average exam score of a random sample of 45 Statistics students is more than 86? [2.]   c. Between what two values would you find the average exam scores of the central 95% of samples of size 45 students?  [3.]   d. Instead taking a random sample of 45 Statistics students, you take a random sample of 5 Statistics students.  Can you find the probability that the average exam score of a random sample of 5 Statistics students is more than 86? [4.]
Nuclides with too many neutrons to be in the band of stability are most likely to decay by what mode?
QUESTION #16 In right to die cases, list the four state interests that are asserted to justify state intervention in the decision-making process between families and physicians? (10 points).
What are the reactants for cellular respiration?
