You work at a steel mill designing their carburization process.  During carburization, steel is exposed to methane gas at high temperatures.  The carbon from the methane diffuses into the surface of the steel forming a "carburized" near-surface layer that is significantly harder than the original steel. At the carburization temperature of 600 degC, the diffusivity of carbon in steel is about 1 (microns)2/s.  If you are asked to diffuse the carbon 10 microns into the steel (i.e., form a 10 micron thick carburized layer), approximately how long should you expose the steel to this carburization process?
QUESTION 5       SCENARIO After buying and installing new devices, a new interactive whiteboard was given to the school as a present. The school now needs to look at safety and security with regards to these new devices.            5 .1   Mention one advantage of an interactive whiteboard.   (1)     5 .2   Give three ways in which hardware theft in the classroom can be avoided.   (3 )     5 .3   The class is secure, new devices and software is installed. The new software has a function that helps visually impaired users. Name and describe two of these settings.   (4 )     5 .4   Your teacher asked the class to find ways of saving electricity with regards to the computers being used. Mention two ways in which you can save electricity in the computer room.   (2 )
Hard x-rays travel farther in matter and are less penetrating.
An OTA is asked to progress the exercise program for a patient with idiopathic frozen shoulder.  Which of these progressions is most appropriate?
Which one of the following stressors would be classified as a catastrophe?
Burning of fossil fuels is the second largest anthropogenic (human-caused) contributor to climate change.
Which of the following is true regarding the relative effectiveness of drug therapy versus cognitive-behavioral therapies in treating anxiety disorders?
Placing and removing periodontal dressings can be performed by the dental assistant under:
When discussing concepts of the immune system, the nurse is aware that all of the following are correct except:
One way I have grown this year (academically or personally) is:
Ryder loses her job because sales are slow at her firm, due to a general slowdown in the entire economy. This is an example of ________ unemployment.
Select ALL of the variables that are directly involved in the regulation of stroke volume.
bench1.pdf
Progressive reformers achieved their goal of nation-wide voting rights for women with the approval of this constitutional amendment in 1920.
Energy-yielding nutrients differ in the amount of energy they contain because of which of the following?
Answer a and b. Examine the attached picture of a synaptic junction. Assume that they are both nerve cells, one is presynaptic and one is postsynaptic.   a. What causes the neurotransmitter to be released into the synaptic cleft?   b. How does the neurotransmitter bring about the generation of an action potential in the postsynaptic cell, and specifically what ion(s) are responsible for starting that action potential in the postsynaptic cell?
What is the only b-agonist formulation that is a single isomer and is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for aerosol delivery?
Which one of the following lift plans would cover unloading of supplies and lumber?
When assisting residents who have had a stroke, the nursing assistant should
Acne is an example of a
