A nurse at a health care facility has to instill ear drops in a client. The nurse knows that which technique varies for an adult and child client?
A nurse asks a supine client to raise his knee partially. The nurse then places the thumbs on the knee while positioning the fingers deep in the bend of the knee. The nurse is palpating the pulse of which artery?
Based on Unity-on-the-Bay Church Survey, which of the following two nutrition topics would be appropriate for this congregation?
Short Answer: (1 pt each- 3pts total) Write a sentence or phrases that correctly answers each question in the answer box.  Number your answers so it is easy to read.  1. What makes blood classified as a connective tissue? 2.  Name at least three types of intercellular junctions found in epithelial tissues. 3. Name the three types of muscle tissues and describe how they are different based either on structure or location in the body.
Which of the following cases involves the "New York Subway Vigilante"?
A persistent infection is an infection in which:
After 3 days of fasting, energy for bodily functions will be drawn from:
The portion(s) of the tongue that actually perceives taste is/are the _____________.
Give the formula for carbon disulfide.
CASE 5:  A 7-year-old boy is taken to the emergency room by his mother after she finds him unresponsive in his bed. She states that her son was sent home from school 3 days earlier after showing flu-like symptoms. He awoke the next morning with body aches, a cough, a sore throat, and a runny nose. After 2 days of taking over-the-counter children's cold medicine, he had not improved. Upon arriving at the hospital, he is dehydrated, pale, and shaky. The physician notes that he is wheezing and has slight difficulty breathing. A chest X-ray indicates pneumonia of the right lung, which is subsequently determined to be viral.  Viral antigens are often unable to activate B-Cells directly. In this event, B-Cells will display viral antigens on their surface. The displayed antigens can then be recognized by _____, which activate the B-Cells and cause clonal expansion.
When prescribing an antibacterial agent for otitis externa, the health-care practitioner must consider that certain agents have the potential for ototoxicity. Which agent has the greatest potential for this adverse effect? Correct Answer: neomycin/polymyxin B (Cortisporin) Although many OTC topical antibiotics contain formulations with neomycin, this antibiotic has been implicated as the source of serious ototoxicity, especially when the tympanic membrane has been perforated. Neomycin can also cause contact dermatitis.
Which of the following are conserved by the kidneys? Select all that apply.
During mechanical ventilation, what variable causes a breath to end?
What is the function of this piece of cartilage #23?
After an argument with your little brother, you slam the door to your bedroom instead of hitting him. Your action best illustrates which defense mechanism?
Pancreatic enzymes are administered to the child with cystic fibrosis. What information should be included in patient education concerning the administration of these enzymes?
Which sentence has the comma(s) correctly placed?
Precapillary sphincters allow blood to leave this structure and enter true capillaries.
You are looking through the center of a solenoid in such a way that a 0.01 A current is going through it in a counter-clockwise direction from your point of view. The solenoid is cylindrical: 10 cm long and 2 cm in diameter, with the wire looping around it 2500 times.   Make a sketch of the solenoid from your point of view. [1]  From your point of view, in what direction is the magnetic field in the middle of the solenoid? [2]  What is the magnitude of the magnetic field in the middle of the solenoid? [3]
What was the "Second Middle Passage"?
