4.1   Label the diagram of a Tropical Rainforest   (4)         Right click on the button below to access the Diagram.
Which of the following is an example of the acceptance of an offer?
solve for x in the following proportion:  4.8 = 20    3      xx = _____
The recommended method for prevention and spreading of disease is:
What is the molar hydroxide ion (OH-) concentration of an aqueous solution at pH 6?
Which of these compounds is most likely to be ionic?
The range of the correlation coefficient is
If you are under 21 years of age, you cannot be charge with Driving While Intoxicated (DWI). You can only be charged with Driving Under the Influence (DUI).
Sustained high blood calcium levels is termed ___________________.
What are the primary characteristics of cystic fibrosis?I. Chronic obstruction and inflammation of the airwaysII. Exocrine pancreatic insufficiencyIII. Malabsorption and small bowel obstructionIV. Decreased sweat chloride concentration
What is the status of Iago at the very end of the play? What is likely going to happen to him?
Sue is interested in buying a franchise from Bubba's Fast Food. This transaction, like other franchise deals, is regulated to protect
Your patient accidently received a large dose of a parasympathomimetic drug. What side effects would you expect to see?
A ______is any change in the DNA sequence and it can sometimes change the amino acid sequence.
Contracts may be all the following EXCEPT
Where is the air in the descending colon?
Paula loves to buy run down rental properties to fix and flip.  She does a great job renovating and sometimes even adding additional rental units within the footprint of the same building.  Paula closed on a building last week that needs a lot of work.  The electrical is in bad shape and the service to the property is inadequate given modern needs for electricity.  The water and sewer connections are deteriorated and there are actual sinkholes in the basement from broken pipes.  The heating system (hot water boiler) is so old that replacement parts are no longer available.  The renovations will certainly require the opening up of walls and that is going to be expensive as there is most certainly asbestos throughout this building (though exactly where will be a bit of a mystery).  There are 9 tenants in the building and 3 already empty units.  Paula needs you to empty the rest of the building asap.  Only one of the tenants has a fixed term lease ending in 11 months (Oct 31 2021).  Given the objectives, what statement is most correct. For the purposes of this question today is November 29, 2020.
Problem Statement A digitally automated conveyor belt has been designed to count the number of items placed into a box. The conveyor belt has a sensor to count the number of items, and an error detection circuit displays a light if the number of items in the box is incorrect (due to manufacturing requirements).  Show the design of this error detection circuit with the following specifications:    The input to the error detection circuit is a 4-bit number, DCBA, representing the number of items in the box. The output of the error detection circuit provides a HIGH when the number of items is greater than 4, or less than 14. There will never be more than 13 items placed into the box, so the output of the error detection circuit does not matter when the sensor reaches a count larger than 13.     Requirements   Design a truth table to describe the output of the circuit. Using a K-map, write the simplified expression for the output.   In the answer box below, create your truth table.    Next, create your digital k-map in the answer box, below your truth table. On your scratch paper, make your circles and determine your output expression.  Below your digital k-map, type the output expression for the circuit.     Build the circuit in Multisim.  Use switches for each input D, C, B, A.  Connect the output of your circuit to an LED (probe).  Ensure that the circuit works correctly.  Submission Your submission should include: 1.)  All of the work that you used to design the circuit.  This should include your digitally created truth table, k-map/Boolean algebra, and simplified expression for the output.  2.) a Multisim file that contains your circuit.  This should NOT be a PDF, screenshot, JPEG, Word document, etc.  Submit your actual Multisim (.ms14) file once complete. When you are ready, click "Next".  You will be asked to submit your Multisim file.
The _______ supervises global economy and provides last resort financial resources to a country in economic need under the condition of structural adjustment program.
Name the structure (circle).
