SECTION B: STRUCTURED QUESTIONS     Complete on lined paper and scan in Hand in by uploading a single PDF file in the "File Upload" QUIZ, accessible after you have submitted this one. NO EMAILED SUBMISSIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED
One Hour Loan One Hour Loan offers customized loans. Customers call a toll free number with a specific loan request, and obtain a response within an hour. One Hour Loan's business process includes five activities which must be conducted in the sequence described below. (The time required for each activity is shown in parenthesis): Activity 1: Answer customer call and record key information.   (4 minutes) Activity 2: Gather and format the information (obtain credit scores, organize customer specific needs) for analysis   (5 minutes) Activity 3: Analyze the information: Check the credit worthiness, and decide loan amount and APR to offer. (7 minutes) Activity 4: Perform final checks on loan offer (2 minutes) Activity 5: Call customer back with the new loan offer and close. (4 minutes) The whole process is conducted by three workers in a worker paced line. The assignment of tasks to workers is the following: W1 does Activity 1. W2 does Activities 2 and 3. W3 does Activities 4 and 5.  Which is most nearly the average labor utilization of the workers? Assume the process operates at its capacity and there are no empty system effects.
When explaining the pediatric unit's quality improvement (QI) program to a newly hired nurse, which of the following should the nurse identify as the primary purpose of QI programs?
The suffix in adrenocorticotropic means:
Which statement below meets the criteria for a well-written objective?
The nurse provides teaching regarding levothyroxine to a 55-year-old patient diagnosed with Hashimoto's disease. What statement made by the patient does the nurse interpret to mean that the drug teaching had been understood?
A negative interference value means
A patient is prescribed repaglinide (Prandin) 3 mg. The drug available is repaglinide 0.5 mg/tablet. How many tablets do you administer to the patient for a correct dose?_____ tablet(s)  Round to the nearest whole number.
Why are breast-fed babies less likely to contract infectious diseases than bottle-fed babies?
Vocabulary - Goods not owned but still sold by a merchandiser.
Luke's relationship with Theophilus is an example of which key cultural concept?
According to Dr. McKinley, the main cause of muscle fatigue is:
7. What irony does Nick notice at Gatsby's party?
Explain Rest's Expanded Model.  Be sure to explain each component and how they interact.  The components are: Moral intensity (issue-contingent) factors Individual factors Organizational factors Recognize a moral issue Make moral judgment Establish moral intent Engage in moral behavior
Which of the following dyes is used to establish patency of the falopian tubes?
A quantity that has both magnitude and direction (i.e.-200 miles/hour to the north) is a
One of the earliest types of social media is the discussion board.
22. Mayflies  belong to the order _______ which describes their unique characteristic of   ______.
Consider the circuit below. Which resistors have the same current?
One key benefit/costs of higher levels of educational attainment
