How do firms measure the amount of profit they expect to make from a specific customer based on purchases made over  time?
You have 75 minutes to complete your exam. NOTE: Click the hyperlinked text to preview the exam PDF - this functionality has changed to PREVIEW instead of DOWNLOAD by default. You WILL NOT be able to download and open the PDF file of the exam while in HonorLock!  Write out answers with paper and pen or pencil, showing all work clearly. Once all problems are completed, then and only then show each page to the webcam. Once you have showed each page to the camera, pick up your phone, take a photo of each page, and complete your submission to GradeScope. AFTER completing your GradeScope submission click the "submit" button at the bottom of this page to exit the exam in Canvas/HonorLock. To access a calculator during the exam, click here:  https://www.desmos.com/scientific (Links to an external site.) To access the formula sheet, click here: Financial Math Formulas for Midterm 4.pdf Click the hyperlinked (blue) text to view your exam, clicking the arrow icon will attempt a download, which will not work. Midterm 4 Ch 9 Version A.pdf
SCENARIO At the Emmarentia rowing club, the Coach selects his crews for rowing partly based upon the results of their ergo trials (an ergo is a rowing machine). One of the indicators that he uses is called the power to weight ratio (P/W). When a rower does an ergo trial, the machine displays the TIME the rower took to row 1000m. To calculate P/W the Coach needs to know the WATTS the rower raced at. Sometimes he forgets to record the watts.   The four questions in this exam will be based on different aspects of this scenario.
Hundreds of years ago explorers often died of scurvy. How can this bone-related disease be prevented?
What are the four strategies for success?
Data visualization is an effective way to better communicate the burden of diseases and risk factors worldwide. The following chart comes from the Global Burden of Disease, and shows the Disability Adjusted Life Years (DALYs) for one country. This country is most likely to be located in which of the following regions?      If the figure doesn't load, this is Figure C.
Passing Gas Oceans contain a rich store of methane, trapped in a rare form of ice (gas hydrate) that forms in very cold water. This methane comes from CO2 that enters the ocean from the atmosphere (CO2 drawdown) or from the metabolism of marine organisms (biological carbon pump). As water warms, the ice melts and methane escapes as a gas, reacting with water to form carbon dioxide. This carbon dioxide can leave the ocean and enter the atmosphere. The figure below depicts the fluxes of carbon described above.    Use this information and your knowledge about biology to answer questions 21-25.   21. Burning more coal would likely increase the amount of methane trapped as ice in Earth's oceans.
This question has two pictures for comparison: one without highlights (left) and one with highlights (right). Identify the specific highlighted part of the brain.
Why is a fetal allograft not rejected by a woman's body?
Who was the first freely elected leader of the Congo?
Which of the following is a disadvantage of a functional strategy?
Shown above is the graph of a hyperbola.  The equation of this hyperbola is in the form of
Which species below was not included in the interspecific competition research conducted at the Kerr WMA?
A patient with diabetes takes his insulin shots on his arms. Which of the following exercises should the patient avoid if he chooses to exercise after taking the shot?
What is NOT an example of a genetically modified organism - GMO?
13. Draw the Lewis structure of ClF3 and predict the electron pair geometry and molecular geometry.
A 55 y/o male underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) after a myocardial infarction. He was started on aspirin and clopidogrel (Plavix) daily post procedure. Three months later, he experiences a recurrence of chest pain and is admitted with another myocardial infarction. Stent thrombosis is the diagnosis. The cardiologist determines that he is likely a non-responder to clopidogrel. Which explanation supports the cardiologist's hypothesis?
Which bacterium is transmitted to humans via tick or flea bites?
A biologist measures the amount of DNA in cells growing in a laboratory.  She should find that the amount of DNA doubles
Which of the following occurs after calcium stimulates the synaptic vesicles to release acetylcholine into the synaptic cleft?
