________ is the ability of living organisms to control the concentration of their solutes and water.
I have neither given nor received assistance with this exam from another individual or unauthorized material (anything other than the formula sheet, a calculator, and the exam are not permitted). I will also not discuss this exam with any other individuals who have not completed and submitted the exam.
DIRECTIONS: Choose the correct answer for each question.An Incredible Journey[A] The Polos - Marco, his father, Niccolo, and his uncle, Maffeo - had been traveling for three and a half years when they finally achieved their objective - a long-awaited meeting with the powerful Mongol leader Kublai Khan. The historic event took place in 1275 at the Khan's luxurious summer capital in Shangdu, in what is now northern China. Kublai Khan was surprisingly informal as he greeted his tired guests: "Welcome, gentlemen! Please stand up. How've you been? How was the trip?" [B] Marco Polo's trip had, in fact, started more than 9,000 kilometers away in Venice when he was just a teenager. His father and uncle already knew Kublai Khan from a previous visit nine years earlier, when they had spent a short time in Shangdu. On this second trip, the Polos stayed for 17 years before they returned home. They made themselves useful to the Khan, and undertook various missions and tasks for him. It is likely that the Khan considered it an honor that these Europeans - who were rare in China - had made this extremely difficult journey, and he took the opportunity to make good use of their skills and knowledge. [C] While he was in the service of Kublai Khan, "the most powerful man in people and in lands and in treasure that ever was in the world," Marco Polo was able to learn and experience many things that were new to Europeans. In his travel journal, he wrote that Kublai Khan's palace was the greatest he had ever seen. He admired the Khan's recently completed new capital - Daidu - whose streets were "so straight and so broad." The city was located in what is now the center of Beijing, and Kublai Khan's city planning can still be perceived in the straight, broad streets of China's modern capital.[D] We learn from Marco Polo that, in the administration of his empire, Kublai Khan made use of a fast and simple message system. Horse riders spaced every 40 kilometers allowed messages to cover 500 kilometers a day. As soon as one horse had run 40 kilometers, the next horse would run the next 40 kilometers, and so on. Marco also learned the secret of asbestos cloth, which is made from a mineral and doesn't catch fire. Paper money also took him by surprise, since it was not yet used in the West at that time. Homes were heated with "black stones ... which burn like logs." Those stones were coal - unknown in most of Europe - and were so plentiful that many people had a hot bath three times a week.[E] Although the Khan did not want his visitors to leave, the Polos finally received permission to return home in 1292. Marco continued his observations while on the ocean voyage by way of Sumatra and India. After he returned home, Marco completed a book about his trip, full of details about his amazing cultural experiences. It was probably the single greatest contribution to geographical knowledge ever made to the West about the East. What is this passage mainly about?
Which of the following is NOT one of Newton's Laws of Motion?
Name and describe each of the three styles of protozoan locomotion.
A nonprofit organization is operated without the goal of ______________.
Math the intracranial vessel with the window of insonation.
What is the difference between Autolysis and Autophagy?
Read the short poem by Alfred, Lord Tennyson below: He clasps the crag with crooked hands;Close to the sun in lonely lands,Ring'd with the azure world, he stands. The wrinkled sea beneath him crawls;He watches from his mountain walls,And like a thunderbolt he falls.What example of figurative language is present in line 6?
The muscles of the back, which are most susceptible to injury during heavy lifting, belong to the __________ muscle group. a. quadratus lumborumb. erector spinaec. semispinalisd. splenius
Endorsement by labor unions brought with it
Which statement is a true statement regarding bleeding?
Approximately 3.5 million years ago the Isthmus of Panama formed. This new landmass severed the connection between the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea. An ancestral fish population (porkfish) was split in two by this event; the two populations no longer interbreed and are two distinct species. This type of speciation is called
Which of the following is formed from acetyl-CoA and bicarbonate?
Cellular respiration of a single molecule of glucose in a eukaryotic cell may net up to ______ total ATP.
For Wittgenstein, a language game is a game parents use to teach children words.
A 4 month-old infant is receiving D51/4 NS 450 mL over 8 hours. The solution is infusing with a micro drip set.  How many gtts per minute should the solution flow? (Remember to label and take to 2 decimal places if needed. Follow all math rules that apply)
3a. (1 point) Circle which method you are using to solve the differential equation. Separable            Substitution                               Variation of Parameters Linear                  Reduction of Order                    Cauchy-Euler with VoP Exact                   Undetermined Coefficients       Laplace Transforms   3b. (9 points) Solve the differential equation.
The Communities in Health reading discussed nine specific social determinants of health. Name 4 of the 9 and then write 1 or 2 sentences defining the determinant of health (0.5 for name, 1 pt for correctly defining)
A child comes to the doctor with skin lesions that he diagnoses as S. aureus impetigo. The mother then asks you why her child's affected skin seems so fragile and blisters so easily. What will be your response to her question?
