Which resource do you utilize the most?
___ is a literary device that uses with and sarcasm to make a point.
Isotopes are unstable forms of atoms whose nuclei spontaneously decay. Which of the following is true about the C13 and C14 isotopes of C12 (C12 has an atomic number 6, and an atomic mass 12, hence the "12" of C12)?
In the kidneys, the ______________________ arteries carry blood to the base of the renal pyramids.
A scraping of material from a person's tooth revealed many bacteria found on the tooth surface. Such bacteria remain attached to the tooth surface by structures called
INSTRUCTIONS     1.   This paper consists of two sections:         (a) Section A - Multiple choice questions (10 marks)         (b) Section B - Structured questions (65 marks)-To be uploaded in the second quiz.     2.   A points breakdown by question is provided at each question.     3.   Answer ALL questions.     4.   A data sheet is provided at the start of the test. Open the data sheet in a separate page.     5.   Start each structured question on a separate blank page.     6.   Number each answer in exactly the same way as the question paper.     7.   You are allowed to use a non-programmable calculator.     8.   Round off all calculations to two decimal places.     9.   Upload only one answer script at the end of the exam paper for section B in the second quiz.     10.   Use the 'File Upload' button to upload your script for section B.     11.   NB. Only PDF format files will be accepted. Jpeg (or other) format papers will not be marked.     12.   The answers you submit must be your own, original work. No copying from any source is permitted. Complete the declaration before you submit.
Which of these structures contains the nucleus cuneatus and nucleus gracilis?
A healthcare professional is assessing a patient who could have either pyelonephritis or cystitis. Which differentiating sign would assist the professional in making this diagnosis?
Which section from the text best supports the answer to question 1?
Earliest mammals likely had what type of diet? 1pt
Which of the following are medical terms used to describe the levels/actions of the heart in blood pressure readings?
For #33: name the structures
Relative to SOP's, common cause variation is variation for which one can find definite causes.  Ordinarily this type of variation will have the greatest deviation from the mean.
Sharda has been playing the piano for many years. Which of the following brain structures allowed her to learn the procedure of playing the piano?
Solve. For full credit, write your answer in interval notation here, and draw a number line on your scratch paper.  |3x + 9| < 16
What was Eratosthenes's mathematical contribution to the history of astronomy, even though it was incorrect?
4.14   Herskryf die volgende sin in die korrekte WOORDORDE. Te veel mense (vandag) (kyk) (anderpad) na die probleem.   (1)
What belongs in blank _72_?
Which of the following is a strategy to reduce your malpractice risk? Select all that apply
You encounter a patient that clearly has a bacterial infection and you suspect that the bacteria causing the disease produces a toxin, but you aren't sure of the identity of the microbe nor do you know if the toxin is an endo or exotoxin. What clues (either from the disease, the microbe or the toxin) might help you to ascertain if the toxin being produced is an endotoxin or an exotoxin? ( 1.5 points for each clue that you can provide)
