In exchange for $750,000 Juliet offers to recreate the carnival scene from the musical, "Grease," in business tycoon Henry's backyard for Henry's New Year's Eve party. Henry is a huge Grease fan, and Juliet threw a "super-dooper sweetener" into the offer which stated that she would get at least ten of the living cast members from the movie to make an appearance and sing "Summer Nights" and at least two other tunes of the party guests' choosing.  Henry was thrilled; and in early October - 85 days before the party - Henry accepts Juliet's offer. The day of the party, Juliet called Henry and informed him that none of the cast of Grease would not be making an appearance, but that the rest of the party would come off "without a hitch." Henry is very upset. He not only wants his down payment to Juliet of $200,000 to be returned to him, but also wants Juliet to reimburse his incidental costs to date related to putting on the party (some prepaid costs not covered in the Juliet-Henry contract that concern catering and crowd control). Henry claims that he has serious legal grounds to sue Juliet. Does he?
ESSAYS: Choose and answer one essay question with complete, detailed paragraphs. Be sure to answer ALL PARTS of the question. CHOOSE ONE essay from the list below, and write the letter (A, B, C OR D) at the beginning of your answer. Worth up to 30 points. A. Explain the Constitutional conflict and ongoing power struggle that was exemplified in the video clip with former U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy (R) of S. Carolina. Include in your answer what he meant when he complained of the President threatening to make the House of Representatives "a Constitutional anomaly and an afterthought."  B. Explain the processes of reapportionment and redistricting, including why and when this is done. Define these two terms: gerrymandering and majority-minority district. Finally list the advantages an incumbent has over his/her challenger in an election. C. Name and briefly describe 1. ALL the roles of the president and 2. ALL the functions of Congress as discussed in class and in your textbook. Then briefly explain the Pendleton Civil Service Act and how it changed U.S. government. D. Describe or draw the hierarchy of the federal court system shown in your textbook and the Ch. 15 PowerPoint. Then explain the decision-making process of the Supreme Court, starting with how they decide which cases to hear. Finally, explain the difference between judicial activism and judicial restraint, and why U.S. Presidents may have some influence over which of these ideologies prevails in federal courtrooms.
The sentence "University of Houston is an educational institution located in the Greater Houston area" is
Which of the following is most likely an optional benefit that companies generally offer their employees?
What is a good thing to include in the conclusion along with a restatement of the thesis statement?
Spasticity is a VELOCITY DEPENDENT increase in muscle tone.
This antiseptic is used to degerm skin for preoperative scrubs.  This agent is effective on bacteria like MRSA and Acinetobacter.
For hemolytic disease of the newborn created by the Rh D antigen to happen, the mother must be ______ and the baby must be ______.
Contemporary Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava created a sculpture that perfectly utilizes the principle of Rhythm called:
Which of the following is an example of an exotoxin?
Keying longer words is a good drill for building speed.
Match the figurative language to the appropriate example.
Djimme is 9 years old and lives in the Democratic Republic of Congo. In order to survive, he works in one of the country's many gold mines for extremely low wages. His labor is considered which form of slavery according to the UN?
For the acute radiation syndrome, in the 600-10,000 R range, death is mostly the result of damage to the _____ system.     a.   gastrointestinal   c.   central nervous     b.   lymphatic   d.   hemopoietic
Why would you apply a cold pack to the entry site of a bite or sting?
Why is Jekyll's secret not discovered earlier? Why is Hyde's violent behavior not stopped sooner? (Don't let the dual questions confuse you; the answer is the same either way!)
The following questions refer to the digestive system structures in Figure 41.1. Figure 41.1 Where does the digestion of fats mostly occur?
The USA Patriot Act significantly improved the nation's counterterrorism efforts by all except which one of the following answers?
What is the trade name of this medication?
Gestational diabetes is a form of _______________.
