This question is from PeerWise with edits by R. Amasino. Although the conversion of malate + NAD+ to oxaloacetate + NADH has a large positive free energy change starting from standard conditions, this reaction is favorable when the citric acid cycle is operating because:
If an insurance company pays a claim for their insured, they may have a right of:
The mechanisim of action for ipratropium (anticholinergics) makes it a great medication for which client population?
In the presence of ________, pyruvate from glycolysis is transformed to acetyl-CoA and delivered to the citric acid cycle.
39. A nurse in a burn treatment center is caring for a client who is admitted with severe burns to both lower extremities and is scheduled for an escharotomy. The client's spouse asks the nurse what the procedure entails. Which of the following nursing statements is appropriate?
Assuming that all of the following substances are permeable across a selectively permeable membrane, which of the following molecules would you predict to move fastest across the membrane?
Lazaro goes to bed at 10 P.M. and quickly falls asleep. He sleeps soundly until 6 A.M. the next morning. During the first four hours of sleep, Lazaro will most likely experience:
All but one of the following statements is true with regard to the blood-testis barrier. Select the one statement that is false.
One variable that analyst can follow to predict the impact of the economy on stock prices is excess liquidity. If the economy has excess liquidity, the money is likely to be spent on financial assets and raise their prices. Excess liquidity is measured by
Your two best friends have recently been diagnosed with high blood pressure. Since you are well versed in human physiology your friends asked you to explain to them what is causing an increase in their blood pressure. A. John has gained a lot of weight (adipose tissue) over a relatively short period of time. Before this gain his blood pressure was normal but now he has chronically high blood pressure. Lab tests indicate that the glucose and hormone levels are within normal range. Explain the process which lead to an increase in blood pressure in your friend. (1 pts.)  B. Robert has recently started smoking cigarettes. He understands that carbon monoxide displaces oxygen form erythrocytes leading to increase in heart rate. Explain the second process connected to smoking which leads to an increase in blood pressure in your friend. (1 pts.) C. Why is it important to regulate blood pressure from the perspective of both hypertension and hypotension? (1 pts.).
A comatose patient in the ICU with increased ICP is ordered mannitol. The nurse is reviewing the orders in the chart which include: Monitor vitals before and every 2 hours throughout treatment, Continuous monitoring neurological status and ICP readings, monitor CMP values every 8 hours while on mannitol and call with abnormal values, Monitor I&O every hour and call for urine output of less than 40mL/hr.  Which of these orders would the nurse question and why?
38.  According to your textbook, Maxwell et al (Texas Politics Today), which of the following occurs when a trial jury is unable to agree on a verdict after a suitable period of deliberation
The nurse practitioner is staffing a clinic that provides primary care services to residents of a community-based living facility for adults with serious mental illnesses.  A 38-year-old female resident with a history of schizophrenia treated with aripiprazole (Abilify) presents for treatment of a suspected urinary tract infection. During the course of the visit, the nurse practitioner observes that the patient is smacking her lips and grimacing. Her face also appears distorted. This clinical presentation is suggestive of which condition?
Why is it recommended that people with diabetes only consume alcohol with food?
Main intent of health claims is to benefit food manufacturers by helping them market their products.
Discrimination is a(n):
Blood collection tubes with a(n) _____ stopper contain ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid additive (EDTA) and are generally called CBC tubes.
After carefully analyzing a problem, the next step is to design a(n) ____ to solve it.
One of the few composers fortunate enough to be supported by private patrons was
Exceptional children...
