Use the excerpt below, entitled "The Weak Case for Public Schooling," to answer the question that follows.  Excerpt from "The Weak Case for Public Schooling," by David Friedman One argument that government schooling is necessary is that, being themselves inadequately educated, parents are incompetent to choose schooling for their children. As John Stuart Mill put it, "The uncultivated cannot be competent judges of cultivation." This argument concedes that government schools will teach what the state wants children to learn instead of what their parents want them to learn, but views that as an advantage of the government system. This argument seems to justify at most one generation of government schooling. Once we educate the first generation, they should then be competent to choose an education for their children. The U.S. and Britain have now had universal government schooling for at least five or six generations. If it has done a good job of educating students it should now be unnecessary, and if it has done a bad job perhaps we should try something else. A further problem with the argument is that most of what the government schools actually teach-or, too often, fail to teach-is well within the comprehension of virtually all parents. Insofar as the main business of the schools is to teach children the basic skills needed to function in our society, the children's parents are usually competent to judge how good a job is being done. Even a parent who cannot read can still tell whether his child can. And, while a few educational issues may go beyond the parents' competence to judge, parents qua parents, like parents qua taxpayers, have the option of making use of other people's expert opinion. The crucial difference between the two roles is that a parent deciding what school his child shall go to has a far stronger incentive to form as accurate an opinion as possible than does a parent deciding how to vote. Parental preferences have often clashed with "expert educational opinion," but it has not always been the parents who turned out to be in the wrong. Thus in Scotland, around 1800, parents "Increasingly resisted traditional parochial school emphasis on classical languages and Religion. Parents complained that their children did not get their due in the school `By not having been teached [sic] writing.'"Modern examples might include the controversies associated with the shift away from phonics and towards the look-see approach to teaching literacy and the introduction of the "new math" somewhat later-both arguably among the causes of the massive decline in the output of the American school system from 1960 to 1980. Parents have to live with the results of educational experiments; the educators can always go on to a new generation of experimental subjects. -adapted from "The weak Case for Public Schooling," by David Friedman [END] Question: What is the author's purpose (PIE)? Explain your answer.
Besides GTP, CO2, and NADH, another important final product of the Krebs Cycle is __________________. (A)   Pyruvate (B)   Acetyl Co-enzyme A(C)    FADH2(D)    Glucose (E)     CO2
Electromagnetic photons have:
An individual case of diphtheria, a notifiable infectious disease, in a patient in Florida is confirmed by laboratory testing. This patient's physician would be required to
What degree of measurement will indicate that a patient's temperature was taken rectally?
Choose the correct noun phrase to complete the sentence. According to _____________ from the American Management Association and the ePolicy Institute, more than three-quarters of all companies monitor their employees' Web use.
Your experiences in college should transform you as a person.
He will offer to hand over the fort at West Point to the British during the American Revolution.
Solve the polynomial equation. x3 + x2 - 6x = 0
If there are 100 individuals in the population and all are homozygous for a gene, what is the frequency of the dominant allele if 70% of the individuals have the dominant phenotype?
Give ONE example of an excused clinical absence (Doesn't count in your absences in other words).
Defined benefit plans are retirement plans where the benefits payable to a participant are based on the amount of contributions and earnings on such contributions.
According to the research on the keyword method, this technique
After the signature at the bottom, sales messages often include a _____.
Your adult patient with hypertension is allergic to sulfa medications. The NP knows not to prescribe:
34. The nurse has a patient that is admitted with pneumonia and notes on assessment that she has generalized edema. The doctor orders 0.45% Sodium Chloride.  This fluid was prescribed because:
A 51-year-old patient has been diagnosed with stage IV breast cancer with lung metastases. Which of the following treatment options is most likely to treat both her primary and distant cancer sites?
Echinoderms mainly have what kind of symmetry in adults? in larvae?
Each specific data item in an XBRL document is called a(n)
A client is receiving an IV solution of 2 grams of medication diluted in 100 ml of normal saline over a one hour time period. How many mg of medication is the client receiving per minute? ______
