Many halophilic bacteria that live in a halophilic environment are photosynthetic. They use light energy to power the active transport of salt into their cells. Explain what the advantage would be for a halophilic microbe to transport salt into their cytoplasm. Hint: This answer explains WHY they need to pump salt into their cells in order to live in a salty environment (just don't state they are halophiles) (2 pts). EXTRA CREDIT
What is an example of a typical instruction in a computer program?
8. (7 points; 2, 5) Let  and
For a study, a chi-square statistic of 1.45 was calculated. There were 50 participants in total, and 2 degrees of freedom for the first variable and 1 degree of freedom for the second variable. What is the effect size?
Directions for blocking section: You must pick 2 of the three block choices offered in this section and write a response for these choices in FULL SENTENCES. Block D: impetigo, varicella, rubella, verruca, cryosurgery, vesicle, ulcer,  antivirals, Kaposi's Sarcoma  Choose 5 of the words above and provide a full detailed definition for each. Explain each term's use and what conditions/symptoms/diagnostics/treatments it would be associated with  it. Incorporating relevant vocabulary from the chapter. Compare and contrast terms. Then describe the way the terms are connected based on your understanding and assignments done for class. All work must be written in full sentences at the college level to be considered for credit. Include what treatments specifically do for a condition and how they work; explain how a diagnostic tool is applied and works.
VRAAG 4     Een van die dele wat verkry word vanaf petroleum kan termies gekraak word om propeen te produseer. Sommige van die reaksies van propeen word hieronder getoon:   Regterklik op die onderstaande blou blokkie om die diagram vir Vraag 4 in 'n nuwe venster oop te maak.         4.1   Gee die IUPAC-naam van verbinding X.   (2)     4.2   Gee die reaksiekondisies vir reaksie 2.   (2)     4.3   Gee die struktuurformule van verbinding Y.   (2)     4.4   Identifiseer die soort reaksie vir reaksie 1 en 2.   (2)         Iso-amielasetaat is die verbinding verantwoordelik vir die geur en reuk van piesangs. Die formule is CH3COO(CH2)2CH(CH3)2.         4.5   Aan watter groep organiese verbindings behoort iso-amielasetaat?   (2)     4.6   Gee die IUPAC-naam van iso-amielasetaat.   (2)     4.7   Iso-amielasetaat kan in die laboratorium gemaak word deur die reaksie van etanoesuur met 'n alkohol. Gee die IUPAC-naam van hierdie alkohol.   (2)     4.8   Gebruik struktuurformules om die reaksie te illustreer.   (5)             [19]
The jury declared the defendant innocent.
1. Which of the following occurs during metaphase 1 of meiosis?
Sitting in class, Alice notices that she just received a text. As she read it, she missed the professor's announcement about an assignment. Consequently, she forgot to complete the assignment. Her focus on what she felt was important to her while tuning out information that she felt was irrelevant demonstrates a memory process known as:
The adaptive (specific) immune system defenses include all of these except one. Which one is not part of the adaptive immune response?
Students may choose between two major assignments, the research paper and the parent education presentation.
Compatibility management is most important in which of the following services?
What is the electric field at location p due to the three charges shown in the figure?
After immersing a patient's foot in a hot soak, the medical assistant should
Refer to the image above. A. Name the tissue type. [A] B. Name the structure B. [B]
What is a characteristic of critical thinking?
B cells and T cells are made in  ____ and once mature, both types migrate to the _____.
Name the tube labeled "C"
Special imaging techniques showed that a single cortical radiate artery in one of a patient's kidneys had a blockage.  No other systemic or renal arteries are occluded (blocked).  All of the patient's other renal blood vessels are functional.  Blood flow into and out of the kidney is NORMAL.  Normal amount of filtrate is being made.    Explain why this blockage in the cortical radiate artery led to what is called secondary hypertension.  Blood worked showed elevated levels of aldosterone.  Thus you must explain how blockage in that one artery led  1. increased levels of aldosterone (1 pt). 2. how increased levels of aldosterone led to hypertension (1 pt)
What would be an advantage of dynamic geometry programs over the use of paper pencil and geoboards?
