Melvin Graves, a savvy investor, is considering a non-residential rental property that has an asking price of $400,000. The land is valued at $175,000. This property has four rental units that are expected to rent for $1,200 each per month for the next five years (PGI each year of $57,600). OPEX are expected to be 16% of EGI. VCL is expected to be 5% of potential gross income. A mortgage loan is available for 80% of the purchase price at 8% annual interest with annual payments over 25 years. You face a 28% tax rate and expect to buy this property on January 1, keep it for 5 years (through December 31 five years later, then sell it for $400,000 (less 5% selling expenses). What is the expected BTCF for each year of the investment holding period?
The normal rise of hCG in a viable pregnancy should
(6 pts.)  In class, we discussed several characteristics specific to Adjustable Rate Mortgages.  Define the following ARM characteristics: payment caps and teaser rates.  Your discussion should address, among other things, how these characteristics affect risk-sharing between the lender and the borrower.    a. (2 pts.)       What is the most common trigger for residential mortgage refinance?      b.  (4 pts.)      Describe the problem that ARMs were introduced to address.      c.  (6 pts.)      In non-technical terms, what do all the pieces of this loan description mean: a fully-amortizing 3/1 hybrid ARM that is interest-only for the first seven years, is indexed to LIBOR plus 2%, and has a 1/5 interest rate cap.    (6 pts.)  Suppose you took out an 80% LTV loan exactly 14 years ago to purchase a $542,000 home.  The loan was for 30 years with monthly payments.  The loan has a fixed contract rate of 5.5%, but current market rates have risen to 7.75%.  If the lender offers to forgive $25,000 of your outstanding balance, what would be the rate of return to you if you take their offer?    (12 pts.)  Suppose a home buyer is faced with two options to finance his $319,000 home purchase.  Option 1 is a 70% LTV loan at 1.95% for 15 years with monthly payments.  Option 2 is a 90% LTV loan at 3.25% for 30 years with monthly payments.  The lender quotes 2 discount points with Option 1 and 1 discount point with Option 2.  The lender also quotes a 1% origination fee for both loans.  Finally, the lender quotes a 4% prepayment penalty for both loans.  Assuming the buyer intends to sell the home and repay the loan after 11 years, what is the incremental borrowing cost of the extra financing obtained if Option 2 is selected?    (9 pts.)  Suppose a lender is offering an 80% LTV loan on a $197,000 home with monthly payments over 30 years at 7% interest.  The seller wishes to buy the rate down to 5% for the first three years and then to 6% for the next two years.  How much will the seller have to pay the lender to achieve the desired rate buydown?    (10 pts.)  Compute the payment for year 3 for the following adjustable rate mortgage.  The loan has an annual adjustment period, is indexed to the one-year Treasury Bill, and carries a margin of 1.5%.  The original composite rate was not a teaser and was equal to 4%.  The one-year T-bill rate had decreased 0.75% at the start of year 2 and had decreased an additional 0.5% at the start of year 3.  The loan was 80% loan-to-value on a property worth $260,000, and it was fully amortizing over a term of 30 years.    (15 pts.)  Suppose a home buyer took out a 75% LTV loan 9 years ago to purchase a $680,000 home at a fixed interest rate of 6% amortized over 30 years with monthly payments.  This loan had 3 discount points, a 1% origination fee, and a 4% prepayment penalty associated with it.  The owner is thinking about refinancing and has decided to pay any costs incurred in the process out of her pocket.  The loan-to-value ratio on the new loan is not a concern, since home prices in the area have been increasing steadily.  The best rate currently available is 2.25% for 30 years with monthly payments.  This new loan has a 0.5% origination fee, 3 discount points, and a 5% prepayment penalty.  Assuming the owner intends to remain in the home for 10 more years, what would be the return on this refinancing venture?    (20 pts.)  Eight years ago, you took out an 80% LTV FRM on a $310,000 home at 6% over 30 years with monthly payments.  You were fortunate in picking the location of the home, as appreciation has averaged 4% per year over the past 8 years.  You are finally finishing school at Auburn University and wish to sell your home.  The potential buyer wishes to assume your outstanding loan with no costs for doing so, but does not have the cash that would be required to pay you the difference between your current loan balance and the price of the home.  Therefore, the buyer will be seeking a second mortgage to fill the gap.  The second mortgage lender is willing to lend an amount that will make the total debt outstanding against the home equal 85% of the value of the home.  The terms of this second mortgage are 10% interest amortized over 15 years with monthly payments, a 1% origination fee, and 4 points.  The potential buyer knows you are a financial whiz because you won't stop bragging about how much you learned in your real estate classes at Auburn.  She asks you to compute how much the assumption of your mortgage plus taking the second mortgage would really cost her in percentage terms.  In other words, what would be the effective rate on this combined loan?  You find out that she has the cash available for the 15% down payment, that neither lender will require mortgage insurance for this creative financing arrangement, and that neither loan has a prepayment penalty.  She also tells you she expects to stay in the home for 12 years.  What answer do you give her?
Keep your broken arm in a cast a few months and it will become physically weaker. This is due to:
Russia called itself The
An increase in plant diameter results from cell division in which type of meristem?
Rotational slide is when the soil moves along a curved shear surface
The addition of iridium to the crystal lattice of Ti-6Al-4V alloy improves corrosion resistance. The addition of nitrogen to the crystal lattice of titanium improves wear resistance. The addition of boron and carbon into the crystal lattice of 316 stainless steel improves cycle fatigue life. What modification technique is used to add these elemental atoms?
Suppose that in an ionic compound, "M" represents a metal that could form more than one type of ion. In the formula MF2 , the charge of the M ion would be:
Identify the characteristics of female philopatry. (Check all that apply.)
Which of the following is not a disadvantage of sexual reproduction?
Quality Assurance as defined as
The purpose of defibrillation is to:
Research has not detailed the conditions in which this study strategy can increase comprehension or the retention of written material.
Which of the following is not true regarding isotonic contraction?
If the risk-free rate is 8 percent and the market risk premium is 2 percent, what is the required return for the market?
According to what theory argues that "feeling of deprivation and frustration underline individual decisions to engage in collective action"?
Systemic drugs that promote clot formation are termed
1-D =
The molecule that an enzyme acts upon is known as its
