A  1.0 m3 rigid tank contains of air at a pressure of 200kPa and temperature of 50degC.   Heat is added at a rate of 750 W for "[x]" minutes.  Assuming that the tank is otherwise well insulated, find the temperature of the air (degrees Celsius) after the heating.
Dilution Problem:  Find the volume in milliliters for a 4.0 molar (M) solution of HNO3 which is required to prepare 500.0 mL of a 1.9 molar solution of nitric acid? M1V1 = M2V2
The final step in the scientific method of psychology is
Zinc is an essential trace element for most organisms. Zinc is required in the active site of the enzyme carboxypeptidase where it most likely functions in which of the following ways?
Calculate the wavelength (in nm) of the blue light emitted with a frequency of 6.88 x 1014 Hz. Exam 3 Reference Sheet  and Periodic Table
Reflecting telescopes  employ mirrors to bend light while refracting telescopes employ lenses to bend light.
Macroeconomics deals with the actions of:
Let (5,-7) be a point on the terminal side of th. Find the following trigonometric function for angle th. Cot  th = =.
When a client asks the nurse how long it will take before the SSRI antidepressant medication will be effective, which of the following replies is most accurate and therapeutic?
Steve was involved in an auto accident. Both drivers were partially at fault for the accident. Steve's actual damages were $50,000. He was judged to be 60 percent at fault. If Steve's state has a 51 percent rule for comparative negligence, how much will Steve collect?
An observer sees the flash of a gun three seconds before he hears the sound of the gun firing.  Approximately how far is the observer from the gun?   (speed of sound = 1100 ft/sec)
3. An 84-year-old client is taking more than 14 different scheduled medications. Which lab value should the nurse monitor most carefully based on this information?
The intentional faking of an abnormal behavior symptom is best defined as _________________.
Act 1: Scene 1 What is Troy and Bono's occupation?
Marcus was hit in the arm while playing football which resulted in a disorder called myositis ossificans in his right brachialis muscle.  Traumatic myositis ossificans is a condition in which calcifications form in muscle tissue as a result of injury to the area.  X-ray reveals and ectopic bone formation characteristic of myosistis ossifican in the distal one third of his right brachialis muscle.  The areas is tender on palpation and is hard to the touch.   Which elbow passive motion is most likely to be painful for Marcus?
Which is inaccurate about the coefficient of determination?
Which of the following types of caries occurs primarily on occlusal surfaces?
A morpheme is a unit of sound and a phoneme is a unit of meaning.
A patient has a nasogastric (NG) tube after a Nissen fundoplication. The nurse answers the call light and finds the patient vomiting bright red blood with the NG tube lying on the floor. What action would the nurse take first?
Australia and New Zealand are among only a few countries in their realm that are considered to be First World, core countries.
