Problem 3 Member AE is pinned at A and supported by cable BC. A horizontal force P = 6-kN. Given the provided information answer the following question: Question 3.5: What is the Shear Force at D (VD) (Use sign conversion adopted in class)?  [Enter value in kN and m as appropriate, round value to 1-decimal points accuracy]
Which of the following best summarizes what Alvin Plantinga means by "Darwin's Doubt"?
A buffer may be prepared by titrating a weak acid with a strong base. Which acid is best for the preparation of a buffer with a pH of 4.00?
Which of the following structures separates the lung into lobes?
The operator training requirements for rough-terrain industrial trucks used in the construction industry are covered under which OSHA standard?
Chang Industries has 2,000 tables that cost $115 each to produce. Each table can be sold as is for $221 or finished with a stain or paint. The cost to add a finish to each table is $75. Finished tables can be sold for $310. Chang should:
The patient has been receiving escitalopram (Lexapro) for treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder. Unknown to the nurse, the patient has also been self-medicating with St. John's wort. The patient comes to the office with symptoms of hyperthermia and diaphoresis. Which statement best describes the result of the nurse's assessment?
The term "non-essential," as it applies to amino acids, means that:
In the video at the beginning of the article, several people are interviewed about the crisis. Using the information in the video, answer the following question in 2-3 sentences. ?Que es algo que las viviendas que aparecen en el video tienen en comun?
When marketers develop ________ strategies, they make decisions about  product benefits, features, styling, branding, labeling, and packaging.
Which is NOT among the the three major types of organizational structures to implement strategies?
You are given the principal, the annual interest rate, and the compounding period. Determine the value of the account at the end of the specified time period.$2100, 8%, monthly, 2 years
In regards to legislation, the Governor is given the right to [veto] with documented objections, which after consideration can be overridden by a [two-thirds] vote in both houses.
The 104.5deg bond angle in the water molecule is the result of the [1] of electron orbitals around oxygen.   The polarity of the O-H bond is caused by the [2] of oxygen relative to that of hydrogen.   Octane molecules dispersed in water tend to aggregate because that allows water molecules to be more [3].   The insolubility of nonpolar molecules in water is due to the large [4], which is the result of water molecules forming an ordered network surrounding nonpolar molecules.   A solution containing a weak acid (pK = 7.5) and its conjugate base at pH of 8.5 has a good capacity to buffer the addition of [5].
On the second page of Dodge v. Ford Motor Co (p. 91, col 2), the author writes, "[Mr. Ford's] testimony creates the impression, also, that he thinks the Ford Motor Company has made too much money, has had too large profits, and that, although large profits might be still earned, a sharing of them with the public, by reducing the price of the output of the company, ought to be undertaken." Assuming that this correctly describes what Mr. Ford thinks, which one of the following is correct?
Gym memberships is an example of:
Hernan Cortes was primarily motivated by:
The first cervical vertebrae is the
The preferred fuel for most body cells is protein.
How does the form of this tissue contribute to its function of diffusion?  Answer in complete sentences.  (2 points)
