Tableau Task 3       (max 12 pts)   Create a new worksheet in your Tableau workbook.  Name it "Pie Chart".   Management wants a visualization that shows how many restaurants are in each chain.   Create a pie chart as follows:  One wedge for each restaurant chain (total 4 wedges). The size of each wedge is set by the number of restaurants in that chain.   Note:  For each restaurant, we have 3 rows of data -- one each for 2017, 2018, and 2019.  So, to get the correct number of restaurants, you'll need to filter the Viz to only display one year of data, then count the rows.   Configure the visualization so that it fills the entire view. The name of each restaurant chain should be displayed on the visualization at all times, not just when you hover over a wedge. Configure the pie chart so that when you hover over a wedge, it tells you how many restaurants are in that chain.  Use this format:   has  restaurants.For example,  "Steak Masters has 297 restaurants."    NOTES:   This task will be graded manually, based on our evaluation of the TWBX file you submit.
Other than not shipping with formalin, name one thing that should be avoided when preparing or shipping fine needle biopsies.
According to the theory of liquidity preference, decreasing the money supply will ______ nominal interest rates in the short run, and, according to the Fisher effect, decreasing the money supply will ______ nominal interest rates in the long run.
Fluid or blood loss in small children is especially significant because:
A patient exhibits the following behavior: The patient appears drowsy and falls asleep unless constantly stimulated with verbal, visual or sensory cues. The patient recalls their name but no other details. The most accurate patient documentation is:
2. Consider the number N= 84 x 814 x 126  a)  Find the prime factorization of N  b)  Provide two other factorizations of N  c) Without multiplying, briefly explain how you know that the two factorizations you provided in part b are factorizations of N.
What is the charge on the ion formed by selenium?
Your 74 year old female patient presents with severe osteoarthritis of the carpus, especially the articulation between the trapezoid/Capitate and scaphoid (evidenced on x-ray). What pattern of the wrist would you suspect?
Which of the following is an example of a public health intervention that violated the rights of those who participated in it?
List the adult male RDA value for the following vitamin Vitamin C ________
Which of the following best describes open source software?
Which of the following is the present value today of eight yearly payments of $2,000 each, if the first payment is one year from today and the EAR is 3%?
The family of organic compounds with functional groups that do not consist only of hydrocarbons is
In which phase of the cell cycle is the DNA copied?
I can see the following image:
Name this instrument. Used in knee and orthopedic surgeries.
How are restriction enzymes useful to biotechnologists?
You will take on the viewpoint of two different people from this scenario, Jose and Max.  Based on the perspective of that person, complete the questions below.
Firms seek to create value from economies of scope through all of the following EXCEPT:
Match the court to the jurisdiction.
