Goodman, Pinkman, and White formed a partnership on January 1, 2020, and made capital contributions of $125,000 (Goodman), $175,000 (Pinkman), and $250,000 (White), respectively. With respect to the division of income, they agreed to the following: (1) interest of an amount equal to 10% of the that partner's beginning capital balance for the year; (2) annual compensation of $15,000 to Pinkman; and (3) the remainder of the income or loss to be split among the partners in the following percentages: (a) 20% for Goodman; (b) 40% for Pinkman; and (c) 40% for White. Net income was $200,000 in 2020 and $240,000 in 2021. Each partner withdrew $1,500 for personal use every month during 2020 and 2021.What was Pinkman's total share of net income for 2021?
Which of the following may explain why more animal fossils have been found that date back to the Cambrian radiation than that date back to before the Cambrian radiation?  Select all correct choices.
A large cylindrical tank contains 0.750 m3 of nitrogen gas at 25 Celsius and 7.50 x 103 Pa (absolute pressure). The tank has a tight-fitting piston that allows volume changes. What is the pressure if the volume is decreased to 0.410 m3 and the temperature is increased to 157 Celsius?
One of the drawbacks of sulfonamides like TMP-SMX [Bactrim (r)] is that it can cause:
While anticholinergics such as ipratropium [Atrovent] are useful bronchodilators when given by aerosol inhalation, oral anticholinergics must be used with caution in asthmatic patients because of:
35. Organizational design emphasizing importance of achieving high levels of production and efficiency through extensive use of rules and procedures, centralized authority, and high specialization of labor.
Why are government controls needed on public utilities?
Parents shouldn't worry about whether their 20-something child is taking too long to grow up. If they are engaged in ______, this promotes the development of self-regulation.
True or false: Thalamocortical projections end primarily in layer IV.
The foreign substance responsible for causing an allergic reaction is called a(n):
What interrogative word would elicit the response given?   ? [color1]esta la profesora hoy?           Ella esta bien.
What causes the release of thick filaments from thin filaments?
True or false: Bryophytes need water in order to reproduce.
If successive efforts to open a hospitalized patient's obstructed airway fail, which of the following emergency procedures might be considered? 1. laryngoscopy 2. transtracheal catheterization 3. cricothyrotomy 4. tracheotomy
About 70% of all North Americans can taste the chemical phenylthiocarbamide, and the remainder cannot. The ability to taste is determined by the dominant allele, T, and the inability to taste is determined by the recessive allele, t. If the population is in equilibrium, what are the allelic frequencies in this population? Select two closest answers
Which of the following does not help with blood vessel spams/constriction after an injury?
Which one of the following is a wrong belief regarding the Social Security System in the United States?
2.3   Pretoria se metro is die City of Tshwane.   (1)
Which of the following is an indirect method for estimating the number of microbes in a sample?
Which of these sampling techniques is least likely to produce findings that are generalizable to a larger population?
