The module tkinter is used to create text-based user (TUI) interface programs.
3-G =
The STOMPS program for patients with spinal cord injury is related to  ______________________  .
A 4157V rms 3 phase supply is applied to a balanced
A patient is admitted with acute pneumonia. Which assessment finding is most indicative of an early sign of hypoxia?
*Note: PIP2 is shown here to be involved in pathways other than the traditional one discussed in class. Receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) play a critical role in diverse cellular processes and their activity is regulated by lipids in the surrounding membrane, including PIP2 (phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate) in the inner leaflet. The juxtamembrane (JM) regions of RTKs are critical for inducing clustering of anionic lipids, including PIP2. Clustering is driven by interactions between a conserved cluster of basic residues within the first five positions of the JM region, and negatively charged lipid headgroups. In particular the N-terminal residues of the JM region are involved in the interactions with PIP2, whilst residues within the distal JM region exhibit less lipid specificity. RTKs are ubiquitous receptors in mammalian cell membranes. Almost all members of the human RTKs share a common molecular architecture consisting of a ligand-binding ectodomain, a single transmembrane (TM) helix, and an intracellular region composed of a flexible JM region followed by a protein kinase domain and a C-terminal region. RTKs location in membrane have shown a conserved relationship with other membrane elements. In vitro labeling studies with JM peptides and phospholipid vesicles showed the JM construct was able to induce PIP2 clustering in the inner membrane. Studies demonstrated strong binding between PIP2 and the JM region. Clustering of the anionic lipid phosphatidylserine (PS) around the JM region has also been observed. Most RTKs can exist as monomers in an inactive state. However, the insulin receptor (INSR) and insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor exist as constitutive disulfide-linked dimers. It is well established that ligand binding to the extracellular ectodomains promotes receptor dimerization, leading to activation of protein kinase activity within intracellular domains. The activated kinase domain of each monomer trans-autophosphorylates tyrosine residues in the C-terminal domain, JM region and/or activation loop of the opposing monomer leading to further downstream activation. RTK activity is regulated by multiple factors including phosphorylation by downstream trans-factors in feedback loops, clathrin-mediated inactivation, ubiquitination, and by cis-elements including the kinase domain activation loop and the JM region.  The JM region is not simply an inert linker between the TM section and the kinase domain. It serves important regulatory roles essential for activation of protein kinase activity, containing trafficking signal motifs and binding sites for calmodulin. Autoinhibition of protein kinase activity by the JM regions has been reported for numerous RTKs, as the JM regions form inhibitory contacts with the kinase domain, which must be disrupted for receptor activation to occur.  Figure 1: Regions and domains of receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs). Hedger G, Sansom MS, Koldso H. The juxtamembrane regions of human receptor tyrosine kinases exhibit conserved interaction sites with anionic lipids. Sci Rep. 2015;5:9198. Published 2015 Mar 17. doi:10.1038/srep09198
A2 Find the variance of the sampling distribution of the sample mean.
Cystic fibrosis gene is located on which chromosome?
The main difference between early and late selection models of attention is that, in late selection models, selection of stimuli for final processing doesn't occur until the information is analyzed for
The marginal physical product of the third unit of labor in Figure 21.1 is
In the lab, you use a special balloon that is permeable to water but not sucrose to make an "artificial cell" and put it into a beaker. The balloon is filled with 20% sucrose and 80% water. The solution in the beaker has 40% sucrose and 60% water. What is the tonicity of the beaker relative to the solution? [a] What will move in or out of the balloon? [b] What direction will the water move? [c]
Roth is a computer-consulting firm. The number of new clients that they have obtained each month has ranged from 0 to 6. The number of new clients has the probability distribution that is shown below.    Number ofNew Clients Probability   0 0.05   1 0.15   2 0.20   3 0.25   4 0.20   5 0.10   6 0.05    What is the expected number of new clients per month?
Jake, who runs a business on Mint street, wants to open another retail outlet in the business district. He is unable to because of the _____ laws imposed by the local governments in the United States.
A nursing assessment of a newborn reveals the heart rate is 110bpm, the newborn is crying and pulls away when touched, but has minimal flexion of extremities. The nurse also notes the newborn's hands and feet are blue but the abdomen is pink. Based on these findings, what is the newborn's APGAR score?
What type of bacterial mutation occurs when one nucleotide change in a codon results in a different amino acid?
Identify Part G on the earthworm
Resources used in the production process are called [blank1] inputs which cannot change and [blank2] inputs which can change during a given period.
While watching a debate between two candidates, Maria's attitude is significantly influenced by the eloquent style of speech and lengthy resume of one of the candidates. Maria is demonstrating:
Symbolic interactionism
The asset most susceptible to theft is:
