"Action" and "plot" are distinguished because one is about revenge and the other is about romance
Suicide by Cop   A 19-year-old college student and problem gambler was pulled over by police on the Long Island Expressway for driving erratically. He pulled out a toy handgun, pointed it at the officer, and was shot and killed. In a separate incident, a 45-year-old cancer patient was shot by Jersey City police when he entered a pizza shop in which two officers were eating and pulled a gun on them. These incidents are difficult to explain because they do not appear to be random acts of passion, rage, or felony. As one officer put it, "Why would you point a gun at a police officer," unless you wanted to be shot?  Some experts believe that incidents such as these are forms of "suicide by cop," where individuals force police to shoot at them in situations that normally would not involve threat or force. Studies have found that many of these shooting victims are white males in their 20s with a history of alcohol or drug abuse--a profile similar to suicide victims in general who are prone to suffer from depression, hopelessness, and deteriorating personal relationships. The use of police to carry out a death wish is difficult to explain, but suicide is often difficult for a person to carry out, and using a police officer removes the burden from the individual. Also, life insurance policies do not pay for suicide victims and most religions forbid suicide, making it more problematic for a person to consider. There are no statistics, but it is estimated that up to 10 percent of fatal police shootings are provoked by those actively seeking to die.66  Evaluate the moral justice of "suicide by cop."  Or Internet Sex Stings   The use of undercover police working anonymously online as bait in Internet chats has become routine in some places. The purpose is to trap those looking for underage sex online. The Indiana Court of Appeals has ruled, however, that attempted sexual misconduct with a minor, a felony, requires that the victim actually be a minor and that an undercover officer therefore doesn't count. The Court used that reasoning to reverse a conviction for sexual misconduct, so the suspect was convicted only of child solicitation (a lesser felony). The offender, age 48, has been arrested after he appeared at an Indianapolis apartment with rope and condoms in his pockets after explicit online chats with an undercover police officer posing as 15-year-old "Samantha." The dissenting judge in this appellate case argued that all charges should stand against the suspect. "He did all he believed was necessary to complete the offense of sexual misconduct of a minor," and he failed to carry out the offense "only because it was not possible under the circumstances." Prosecutors argue that online stings protect teenagers by snaring likely perpetrators, although judges often give reduced sentences or even probation because there are no actual victims in these cases.70 *  Evaluate the moral code of the Court's decision to limit the scope of online liability in undercover cases of sexual solicitation of minors.
An insurance firm agrees to pay you $4,182 at the end of 25 years if you pay    premiums of $111 per year at the end of each year for 25 years.  Find the internal    rate of return to the nearest whole percentage point.
Which of the following individuals wrote the influential book, The Influence of Sea Power Upon World History, which stressed that the United States should create a large navy, acquire colonies around the world, and build a canal across Central America in order to become a world power?
Use a calculator to find an approximation for the power. Give the maximum number of decimal places that your calculator displays.
Which is the best definition of osmosis?
A client calls the physician's office and tells the nurse that he has been cleaning a wooded area and came into direct contact with poison ivy. The client says he cannot see anything on the skin but asks the nurse what to do. How should the nurse respond?
As the result of the Korean War, the 1953 armistice treaty means that _______.
All sources used in an MLA paper must be documented in some way if not common knowledge.
The rule that requires financial statements to reflect that the business will continue operating instead of being closed or sold, unless evidence shows that it will not continue, is the:
In a solution prepared by mixing CH3OH with H2O the major species present are
The pigments and their respective colors in fruits and vegetables can be affected by cooking mediums that are acidic or alkaline.  For each of the pigments below describe the color associated with the pigment in each vegetable in acidic and alkaline mediums. Chlorophyll (Broccoli)                    Acidic medium:  Alkaline medium:   Anthoxanthin (Cauliflower)  Acidic medium:  Alkaline medium:
A client 4 weeks post cesarean section tells the nurse that she cannot cope any longer and is overwhelmed by her newborn. The baby has old formula on her clothes and under her neck. The mother does not remember when she last bathed the baby and states she does not want to care for the infant. The nurse should encourage the client and her husband to call their health care provider (HCP) because the mother should be evaluated further for which complication?
Question #477Into which of the following containers would it be necessary to inject a volume of air equal to the intended volume of medication before withdrawing the medication with a needle and syringe?
A nursing home resident is experiencing signs and symptoms of hypoglycemia. The client is alert and able to swallow. How would the nurse respond?  Be specific with your answer.
Veneers are used to ____________.
Neurotransmitters that depress the resting potential are called excitatory.
You have fifty minutes to write an essay in response to one of the selected poems. Your essay should point out a central theme or idea expressed in the poem and then explain how this theme or idea is revealed to the reader. You might consider such elements as structure, selection of detail, imagery, diction, tone, and/or relevant elements external to the poem. Your essay will be rewarded for its complexity of thought, clear focus, and specific details, as well as for its adherence to the conventions of standard written English. Choose one of the poems below:   "Barbie Doll" by Marge Piercy   This girlchild was born as usual and presented dolls that did pee-pee and miniature GE stoves and irons and wee lipsticks the color of cherry candy. Then in the magic of puberty, a classmate said: You have a great big nose and fat legs. She was healthy, tested intelligent, possessed strong arms and back, abundant sexual drive and manual dexterity. She went to and fro apologizing. Everyone saw a fat nose on thick legs. She was advised to play coy, exhorted to come on hearty, exercise, diet, smile and wheedle. Her good nature wore out like a fan belt. So she cut off her nose and her legs and offered them up. In the casket displayed on satin she lay with the undertaker's cosmetics painted on, a turned-up putty nose, dressed in a pink and white nightie. Doesn't she look pretty? everyone said. Consummation at last. To every woman a happy ending.   "Mother to Son" by Langston Hughes  Well, son, I'll tell you:Life for me ain't been no crystal stair.It's had tacks in it,And splinters,And boards torn up,And places with no carpet on the floor--Bare.But all the timeI'se been a-climbin' on,And reachin' landin's,And turnin' corners,And sometimes goin' in the darkWhere there ain't been no light.So boy, don't you turn back.Don't you set down on the steps'Cause you finds it's kinder hard.Don't you fall now--For I'se still goin', honey,I'se still climbin',And life for me ain't been no crystal stair.
Glucocorticoid is released by a ___ stimulus and direct aldosterone release is by a ___ stimulus.
During screening, when early detection does not alter the outcome but only increases time between detection and outcome.
