Questions 30-33 are based on the following scenario:An 80-year-old jazz singer, began experiencing difficulty breathing and an increase in his cough and sputum production during a performance last week. He was hospitalized due to an acute exacerbation of his chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and was receiving high-dose systemic corticosteroids and other medications for comorbidities of type II diabetes and mild cognitive impairment. After 6 days of treatment, the patient developed symptoms of steroid-induced psychosis (delusions; hallucinations; reduced mentation) and began demanding to leave the hospital because he had to get back to his band and tour. A psychiatric consult was completed, a new antipsychotic medication ordered, and the steroid dose decreased. However, even with the new medication orders, the evening nurse caring for the patient administered the original dose of steroids and did not initiate the new antipsychotic medication. The next morning, when the dayshift RN assigned to the patient arrived to perform the patient's assessment, the patient's oxygen saturation level was 81%. The nurse observed that at the time the patient did not have on his nasal cannula. The dayshift nurse replaced the patient's nasal cannula and educated him on the necessity to wear the cannula. When the dayshift nurse returned to check on him, the patient was not in his bed or in his room. Upon beginning a search, the dayshift nurse learned that another nurse had seen the patient get on the elevator, dressed in street clothes. The police were notified and a search and rescue operation began. The patient was found dead roughly one mile from the hospital, six hours after he eloped from the hospital. The daughter of the patient later filed a malpractice lawsuit. Is there a duty owed by the nurses in this situation?
The nursing instructor is conducting a teaching session on nursing care plans.  Which statements, if made by students, would indicate that they understand the information (choose all that apply)?
What is NOT one of the levels of the Human Tech Ladder?
Ethics courses teach which of the following:
This is the amount of dissolved oxygen needed by aerobic decomposers to break down the organic materials in a given volume of water at a certain temperature over a specified time period.
Problem 2 [35pt]:  Consider the following matrix:    [25 points] Let   and   solve the system using Gaussian elimination. [10 points] Find the inverse A.
Answer the following essay with a complete, well-written response. Please use your own words and check grammar and spelling before submitting.  At a holiday get-together, a relative comments that government spending on scientific research is out of control, and suggests that most studies have little or no benefit to taxpayers. The relative turns to you and asks, "What do you learn about this in school? Can you tell us why some scientists study fruit fly behavior?" In your response...a. Explain the distinction between basic and applied science, and provide an example of each. (10 points)b. Explain why scientists use model systems to conduct research. (5 points)c. Provide four reasons why insects like fruit flies make good model systems. (5 points)
It typically takes more than two days for glycogen stores to be depleted.
Total Question 1: [10]
Which of the following best illustrates descriptive research?
Your patient is diagnosed with Depression and started on the following medication: Order:  Fluoxetine 20 mg po bid  Available:    Administer:  _____________________tablet(s) per dose
A major British advantage in 1776 was that they
Which snack should the dental hygienist encourage to decrease incidence of dental caries?
A client has been ordered to take sucralfate for a gastric ulcer. The nurse would include which of the following instructions? Select all that apply.
In addition to dispersion forces, what intermolecular forces are present in a solution between methanol (CH3OH) and bromine (Br2)? Responses:  ion-dipole ion-induced dipole dipole-dipole dipole-induced dipole
Surfactant ...
An 80 year old client is receiving an IV of Lactated Ringers at 125mL/hr.  He complains of new dyspnea and a cough.  His blood pressure was 90/60 about 2 hours ago and now is 130/100.  The nurse notes basilar crackles and edema in feet.  What should the nurse do?
The CX artery:
What can we conclude about the self-reference effect?
Each steam load device has one or more ___ valves that allow the load device to be taken out of service for repairs.
