*Open the "Final Exam Student Answer File.xlsx  " workbook that is linked within this quiz in Canvas. In worksheet "P1-P4" complete the following problems:  Create the following table for United Technology Corp. Ensure that you do each of the following (10 points):  Format the table as shown with borders, shading, font effects (bold, italicized, etc.) Format the Sales numbers in "Accounting" form, but with zero decimal places.       2. Compute the Net Profit Margin for each year and format the resulting numbers in Percentage form (2 decimal places). (5 points) 3. Compute the compound annual growth rates (CAGR) for Campbell's Sales and Net Income. (5 points) 4. In the Trend column (column F in the figure above), create a Line Sparkline for each of Sales, Net Income and Net Profit Margin. Format the sparklines as follows (5 points):    Ensure that the data points read from 2015 to 2018 (the opposite of how the data is entered). Show Markers The Sparkline should be blue, and the markers should be red.    In worksheet "P5-P6" complete the following problems. Historical quarterly revenue date for Johnson & Johnson are provided in the "P5-P6" worksheet. 5. Fit the sales data using Holt's Linear Trend Exponential Smoothing Model (LES).  Recall, you should have columns for Level (Lt), Trend (Tt), and Forecast ( )--in addition to the existing Date and Sales columns. (15 points)  The equations for each of these is as follows:
Please answer questions 1-2 based on the passage above, and 3-7 based on your own situation. 1.     2.     3.     4.     5.     6.     7.
World War I brought about a lot of changes for Iowa towns. Governor William Harding even went so far as to do what?
Sound is traveling from medium 1 to medium 2. Propagation speeds of M1 and M2 are 1,600m/s and 1,500 m/s, respectively. There is oblique incidence:
What is the pH of a solution that consists of 0.50 M H2C6H6O6 (ascorbic acid) and 0.75 M NaHC6H6O6 (sodium ascorbate)? For ascorbic acid, Ka = 6.8 x 10-5
A system that vests political, judicial, and policymaking authority in different branches of government adheres to
This act guaranteed blacks equal access to most public accommodations, but not schools.
The best measure of central tendency to present for ordinal or nominal responses.
Extra Credit 1  What is the name of the visceral bone in this male dog that the red arrow is pointing to? (must be spelled correctly for credit)
The preference table for an election is given below.  Using the Borda count method, A was  declared the winner.                 Number of votes   100   60   40   10     First choice   C   A   B   C     Second choice   D   B   A   A     Third choice   A   D   C   B     Fourth choice   B   C   D   D                 Is the majority criterion satisfied?
An important mediator of local inflammatory responses is:
Which of the following statements is TRUE regarding a File geodatabase?
What theory does Joe's supervisor use when he offers Joe a $1000 Bonus if he sells 3 Cars in one Day?
Which of the following is the best example of a professional social movement organization?
Which of the following represents the types of data commonly found in the human resource department?
The "Got Milk?" campaign, which has been running for nearly two decades, was developed to achieve _______________, or the ability to generate a variety of messages around a creative idea.
Which of the following statements converts a String object variable named str to an int and stores the value in the variable x?
Which of the following would be considered a copyright infringement?
If you were facing a person who is in the correct anatomical position, you could observe the ______ region.
g(x) = -  - 3
