Honor Pledge
Problem 4: Distributed File Systems and Project (40 points, 10 points each) A Distributed File System (DFS) is a file system that is distributed on multiple file servers in possibly different geographic locations. It allows programs to access or store any file in any location as if they were using a local file system. Answer only four of the following five questions (if you answer five, credit will be given only for the first four questions, i.e. the fifth will be ignored).
One of the purposes of Gelatin Hydrolysis test is _____
The nurse is describing the DASH diet to a client that has been recommended to begin this nutritional option. Which of the following best explains the DASH diet?
An economist's use of experiments and real-world data to test a theory is an example of
Gustatory cells: receptor cells detect tastants (live 7 to 9 days)
What does Mr. Wolfsheim tell Nick about Gatsby?
Match the following patients with the injury that best fits their symptom.
Which of the following is NOT TRUE of transposons?
QUESTION 4: MISCELLANEOUS TOPICS     Answer the following questions thoroughly, please number according to numbers in the question paper and write point by point.     4.1   Read the case study and answer the questions that follow.             HOPE HOTEL The Hope Hotel in Hermanus is close to a number of popular tourist attractions. They employ 30 full-time employees and during peak hours during the holiday season, temporary workers are hired to meet the hotel's needs. Recently, the hotel experienced a drop in tourist bookings which resulted in the retrenchment of some full-time staff. Crime in the area is also on the rise. Some guests were robbed in their hotel rooms. Regular guests of the Hope Hotel now stay in other hotels and guesthouses in the area that offer stricter security and other services such as conference facilities.         4.1.1   Name the economic sector in which the Hope Hotel operates.   (1)     4.1.2   Identify THREE challenges in the case study above and develop a strategy for each challenge. Copy the table below into your answer box and answer the question.     CHALLENGES:   STRATEGY:                              (3x3)     4.2   The Labor Relations Act, 1995 (Act 66 of 1995) was introduced to regulate labor relations between employers and employees.         4.2.1   Suggest FOUR actions that can be considered non-compliance with this Act.   (8)     4.3   Identify the relevant pillar of the Broad-Based Black Economic Empowerment Act (BBBEE), 2003 (Act 53 of 2003) to which Abil Bricks & Tiling Ltd. in EACH case below.         4.3.1   Thandi and Tsego were promoted to senior positions.   (2)     4.3.2   Previously disadvantaged employees were invited to buy shares in the company.   (2)     4.3.3   Employees are encouraged to attend regular training sessions.   (2)     4.3.4   The human resource manager makes sure that everyone is given an equal opportunity to apply for a vacancy.   (2)     4.4   Read the case study below and answer the questions that follow:             JEFF BANDE LTD.   Jeff Bande Ltd advertised a workshop manager's position in a national newspaper. The advertisement specified the job requirements and job specifications and said that all possible candidates would be subject to selection tests. Successful candidates are expected to sign an employment contract. The chosen candidate will also be able to enjoy fringe benefits as well as fringe benefits provided by JB LTD. Informal activities / Human resource function.Grade 12 // 2019          4.4.1   Identify TWO components of a job analysis from the above scenario.   (2)     4.4.2   You have been invited for an interview. Explain the role of a candidate during an interview.   (6)     4.4.3   Evaluate the positive impact of fringe benefits on businesses.                                        (6)         TOTAL QUESTION 4   [40]         TOTAL SECTION B   [80]
Be sure to mark all correct answers. Which of the following are true about hybrid corn?
When mixing gypsum products, the _________ is poured into the ____________.
The clinic nurse is caring for a patient who has just been diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The patient has an ABG with the following values pH 7.29, PaCO2 58, HCO3 26. Which of the following is the correct interpretation of the blood gas?
Offering free goods and services to casino patrons in return for their business is called
Which of the following keys can you press to run a slide show starting with slide 1?
Which of the following are important considerations to make when deciding on prompt latency?
During the repolarization phase of an action potential, which of the following is the primary activity
You have a nightmare about a Burmese Python of mass 25 kg swinging on a rope swing of length 3 meters, much like a pendulum. It takes the python 1.0 seconds to swing from its maximum height on the left to its maximum height on the right. The python then moves to a swing hanging from a (massless) chain.  It now takes the python twice as long to complete the back and forth motion.  What is the length of the chain?  Answer in meters.
Which of the following is a hydroxide ion?
In Toni Morrison's "Recitatif" how is race and protest addressed throughout the story?  Explain.
