In 1942, the trial surrounding __________ laid the foundation for ethnic conflict and rioting in Los Angeles.
The revolution that overthrew the Hawaiian monarchy and passed the government into the hands of the sugar planters was under way. In her palace, the wild-willed queen shuddered as she saw American troops file ashore to invade her territory. She was disposed to fight them, for she knew that this was cruel perversion of the ordinary relationships between sovereign nations, but the sugar planters quickly immobilized her loyal troops, and she was defenseless, stubborn woman in her mid-fifties, regal in appearance but totally unaware that the nineteenth century was ebbing to a close and taking with it the concepts of the government to which she adhered. However, in the dying moments of her reign she was not completely without support, for after her troops were disbanded without firing a shot, a squad of volunteer loyalists materialized from the alleys of Honolulu and marched to defend their queen. In their ranks, . . . waddled the old kanaka [a Hawaiian of Polynesian descent] maile [vine with fragrant leaves and bark] gatherer, Kimo. He had a musket that he had grabbed from man in a pool hall and he held his uniform--a pair of sagging pants and that was all--about is waist with a length of red rope. His hair had not been combed for some days, he needed a shave and he was barefooted, but like his companions he gave every evidence of being willing to die for his queen. The sparkling American troops with new rifles watched in amazement as the volunteers marched up to give them battle, but a courageous officer in whites ran unarmed to the leader of the irregulars and said, "There's no war. The queen has abdicated."~~Hawaii by James A. Michener Which statement BEST characterizes Kimo?
Right ventricular dysfunction is not seen with?
For this question, consider the table below. Which phylum does NOT belong in the cell labeled S?    Group/character Nonvascular Seedless vascular Gymnosperms Angiosperms   Dominant generation A. B. C. D.   Homosporous? E. F. G. H.   Seeds I. J. K. L.   Flowers M. N. O. P.   Phyla Q. R. S. T.
What is the pattern for church attendance among Americans?
Which particle type has a higher shape factor?
The difference between deductive and inductive reasoning is the amount of details.
A patient returns to your clinic after complaining of pressure on his/her patella for 2 weeks after receiving their temporary prosthesis. What is most likely the problem?
What do paragraphs 15-16 reveal about Josephine's and Louise's different points of view in the passage?
Under the Assessment Regulations, you will be deemed fit to undertake this examination once you have commenced the examination.   Therefore, you are required to complete this declaration prior to the examination to confirm that:  There is no reason why you should not take the examination at this time; You have read, understand and complied with the Assessment Information; You have attempted and submitted the 'Honorlock Diagnostic Sysytem Test' in advance of the examination; You understand that by completing this form you will not be able to subsequently submit a claim for any mitigating circumstances; You will not attempt to collaborate with or help any other candidate or potential candidate (present or future) with their examination(s) in any way; and You are the candidate registered to sit this examination and that all responses given to the questions are your own.
Lisa hates Katrina and wants to kill her, though she has nothing against Katrina's husband, Jim. Lisa decides to kill Katrina by blowing up her home. (Lisa likes to be dramatic.) Lisa plants a bomb in Katrina's house and then waits for Katrina to arrive home. After watching Katrina and Jim walk into their home together around 9:00 p.m., Lisa sets off the bomb. It kills both Katrina and Jim. It also kills their teenage son, Garth, who is in his bedroom working on homework. Lisa knew that Katrina had a son and realized that he might be home, but she didn't even try to find out if he was home or not because she didn't care about him one way or another. As it turned out, there was also a burglar in the house at the time, who had just broken in through the back door and was about to steal the family's new computer. The burglar was also killed in the blast. Under the State's common-law understanding of "murder" as the "intentional killing of a human being without justification or excuse," how many people has Lisa murdered?
Predict the effect of a pericardial sac that fits too tightly around the heart as a result of a pericarditis producing pericardial effusion (fluid).
During translation, elongation continues until the ribosome...
Provide the name of the following compound.
The transport mechanism requiring energy is:
When it became clear that the Articles of Confederation were inadequate, a conventionfor "revising the Articles of Confederation" was called in 1787. This came to be known as the Constitutional Convention. Which of the following compromises was agreed upon inthe debates of this convention?
If you agree to act as personal representative of someone's estate, you are agreeing to pay personally for the debts of the estate.
The structure below represents glucose monomers joined by _____ bonds. This structure is characteristic of _____, a polysaccharide involved in  ______
Mass number minus the atomic number equals the number of _______________.
What event marked the end of northern commitment to Reconstruction?
