Extra credit question (2 points; it shows as 0 points in this exam so that Canvas will not count it in the denominator, I will manually add up to 2 points as appropriate when grading so that it will show as extra credit). As we have covered earlier in the quarter, the influenza vaccine and many others you may have gotten typically consist of either proteins representing the pathogen, or an inactivated ("killed") or otherwise "attenuated" (harmless) version of the pathogen.  In response to the vaccine, B lymphocytes of your body produce antibodies that bind specifically to the protein or pathogen. This effectively "trains" your immune system to be able to rapidly and powerfully respond if you are exposed to the actual pathogen, thereby protecting you. A number of the new vaccines for the novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 that is causing the global pandemic are instead RNA vaccines, meaning they consist of RNA sequences of genes from the coronavirus. For example, the one developed by Moderna is the RNA that codes for the viral spike protein, a protein on the surface involved in attachment and uptake by the cell. If classical vaccines rely on the injection of a protein in order for the immune system to respond to produce antibodies that bind that protein, what do you think the mechanism is of this RNA vaccine? In other words, how do you think this RNA vaccine elicits a proper immune response yielding antibody production that will bind and block the coronavirus, as clinical trials thus far have demonstrated it does? What do you think the antibodies bind to on the virus? Please explain briefly but clearly.
TOTAL QUESTION 2  [18]
Boeing plans to negotiate with Delta airlines to sell the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. As part of the selling strategy Boeing plans to give delta the option to buy the aircraft for fixed price in three years for $200 million. The current market price of the aircraft is $190 million. You have been hired by Boeing to value this option. Based on daily data, you estimate Boeing stock has a volatility of 3%/day and Airbus has a volatility of 4%/day. Boeing has 50% in defense and 50% in commercial aircraft, while Airbus is 100% in commercial aircraft business. The 3-year Treasury rate is 3% and the 20-year rate is 4% per year. What is the exercise price for the option?
In 1-2 sentences, can racism be ended? Why or why not? (graded for completion only)
If the noun is singular, change it and its article to plural. If the noun is plural, change it and its article to singular.   Below are accent marks in case you need them. Just copy and paste.a e i o u n La escuela
How many dependent clauses are in each of the following sentences?  Answer 0,1,etc. by choosing the correct answer from the drop down box.
ANALITIESE MEETKUNDE Vraag 1          Die skets toon die driehoek PQR in die Cartesiesevlak. Die koordinate van punt P is (5; 0). Die inklinasiehoek van lyn PQ is 116,57deg.  S is die middelpunt van lyn PQ. Die lengteverhouding OR : OP is 3 : 2.         Regsklik op die volgende skakel om die skets oop te maak in 'n aparte "tab".      1.1   Bepaal:         1.1.1   die gradient van PQ, tot die naaste heelgetalwaarde.   (2)     1.1.2   die vergelyking van PQ in die vorm      (2)     1.1.3   die afstand PS in wortelvorm.   (3)     1.1.4   die koordinate van Q.   (2)     1.2   Bepaal die koordinate van R.   (2)     1.3   Bepaal die oppervlakte van DPQR.   (4)         TOTAAL   [15]
Which of the following should an emergency department nurse include in a SBAR handoff report when transferring her client to the care of the medical unit nurse? Select all that apply.
What is the correct term for a poem that adheres to strict patterns that govern its design and construction?
23. Which poet is associated with the Fireside Tradition in poetry?
4.3   ?Que actividad hay todos los dias en el instituto de Patricia?   (1)
Find an equation of the line tangent to the function,
This type of fracture is considered abuse, until you prove otherwise.  Any patient with this fracture should be evaluated for abuse.
Identify, with a brief description, each of the steps in the sentiment analysis process.
AFDELING D: PLAASLIKE, STREEKS- EN INTERNASIONALE TOERISME VRAAG 4
If a firewall cannot keep up with traffic volume, it will ________.
What Native American people waged a guerrilla war against the U.S. Army in the 1830s to prevent being removed from their ancestral lands?
Water-soluble and fat-soluble apply to which class of nutrients?
POETRY SECTION CHOICE TWO Type your answer(s) to the questions below. Clearly indicate your poem of choice. Number your answers as per the question paper.    (10)
What does this instrument measure?  _______
