Which two options are examples of software applications that might run in a container? (Choose two.)
Mango Corporation has provided the following data for one of the products in its standard cost system.      Inputs Standard Quantity or Hours per Unit of Output Standard Price or Rate   Direct materials 4.8 ounces $6.90 per ounce         The company has reported the following actual results for the product for September:          Actual output   2,100 units   Raw materials purchased   10,500 ounces   Actual price of raw materials $ 7.80 per ounce   Actual cost of raw materials purchased $ 81,900     Raw materials used in production   10,090 ounces         The raw materials quantity variance for the month is closest to:
[All solutions must start by writing an equation (or equations) from the equation sheet on your paper.  The solution must then follow a logical progression from the equation(s) on the equation sheet to the answer(s).] A man is standing on the roof of a building.  He  throws a rock diagonally at an angle 20 degrees below horizontal at an unknown initial speed.  The rock's height at the time of release is 68.9 m.  It hits the ground 3.2 seconds after release.  Assume air resistance is negligible in this scenario. a) Draw and label a sketch of the trajectory (dashed line to represent the path of the rock).  [You will scan and upload this diagram right after the quiz] b) What was the initial speed of the rock? [Type your answer, with units, below.  Upload your supporting work right after the quiz] c) What was the x-component of the velocity of the rock at the moment just before it hits the ground?  If you did not get an answer for part b, use 12 m/s as the initial speed for the rock in this part.  [Type your answer, with units, below.  Upload your supporting work right after the quiz]
Directions: Use the diagram below to answer the question about air masses.
A 1.2-kg spring-activated toy bomb slides on a smooth surface along the x-axis with a speed of 0.50 m/s. At the origin 0, the bomb explodes into two fragments. Fragment 1 has a mass of 0.40 kg and a speed of 0.90 m/s along the negative y-axis. Using conservation of momentum,  a)find the angle th, made by the velocity vector of fragment 2 and the x-axis b) the magnitude of the velocity vector of fragment 2, v2.
Classify the following chemical reaction . 2Al(s) + 3Cl2(g) -->2 AlCl3(s)
The "role" or "job" of an organism within its ecosystem is its:
Auditors are most likely to gather audit evidence solely using substantive procedures
Which of these disease-causing organisms is a protozoan? (Select all that are correct)
Scholars and advocates with a __________ perspective argue that we need to view the family from a historical standpoint.
Which Spanish conquistador defeated the mighty Aztec empire with only 139 soldiers?
Your client is discussing her upcoming surgery with her family. She asks what hormone is the cause of her problems resulting in acromegaly. The correct response by the nurse is an excess secretion of:
Some medications change the color of the urine. Pyridium colors the urine:
Rosemary had a stroke about a year ago and now she cannot understand what people are saying to her. This is embarrassing for her, so she responds using vague language and tries to make it appear as though she understands. Which area of Rosemary's brain was likely damaged by the stroke?
A person with type AB blood has __________ RBC antigen(s).
An example of a response class is ______.
Read the following passage and the information about its source. Then decide which paraphrase of the passage conveys the important information while avoiding plagiarism. Original source:Thomas Jefferson had made it unmistakably clear to Lewis and Clark that their foremost objective was to find "the direct water communication from sea to sea formed by the bed of the Missouri & perhaps the Oregon." But in his detailed letter of instructions to Lewis, Jefferson devoted more words to the Indian nations than to any other topic. Not only was Jefferson intensely curious about the tribes, he wanted Lewis and Clark to wean their loyalties away from the despised British traders and enfold them into the orbit of American trade and commerce.From:Jones, Landon Y. William Clark and the Shaping of the West. Hill and Wang, 2004. The passage appears on pages 130-31.
For the reaction:  MnO4- (aq) + H2C2O4(aq) - Mn2+(aq) + CO2(g) what is the reducing agent?
BONUS Unlike single-celled organisms that have direct contact with their external environment, most cells in a multicellular organisms do not have direct contract with their external environment. How do these cells acquire nutrients and eliminate wastes?
In Australia (in the Southern Hemisphere), when are the days the shortest and the nights the longest?
