True/False - Talking with someone about suicide will increase the risk of suicide.
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 regulates the issuance of securities to the public by a corporation.
All of the following are true about research involving the IAT EXCEPT which statement?
Which one would you use to model a bouncing basketball: rigid body or soft body?  Why?
Calculate the pH of 4.23 g of Ba(OH)2 in 455 mL of solution. Molar mass of Ba(OH)2  = 171.34 g/mol Express your answer using four significant figures.
INSTRUCTIONS: ASCOLTO (LISTENING) You will hear a series of short conversations. Select the most logical answer to each question you hear.
Casio, Inc. sells calculators at an average price of $90 and also offers to each customer a separate 3-year warranty contract for $50 that requires Casio to perform periodic services and to replace defective parts. During 2020, Casio sold 1,000 calculators and 560 warranty contracts for cash. Casio estimates the 3-year warranty costs as $25 for parts and labor for each warranty sold. Assume that Casio records warranty revenue from these contracts on a straight-line basis beginning in the year after purchase and that no warranty expenditures were incurred during 2020. What liability would Casio report on its balance sheet as of December 31, 2020 related to the warranty contracts?
The state of tension created by biological needs is called a(n) ________.
Magnolia Foods has found that 10% of those hired to load trucks will work more than one week.  A random sample of four new hires is selected. What is the probability that exactly four new hires will work more than one week?   Round your answer to 4 decimal places. Enter your numeric answer only in the textbox below.  Then, show all work on your Quiz Answer sheet.  Correct answers without work shown will not receive full credit.
Letter E indicates which region?
The U.S. national interest during the Cold War was to stop the spread of communism, thus influencing its policy of containment.
A ________ leader manages through activities, using his or her legitimate, reward, and coercive powers to give commands and exchange rewards for services rendered.
PART C: RELATED CONCEPTS              Rian's brother is curious about his investment in the business. He found the following articles and posed some questions.          A   A long-standing shareholder of Nickey Ltd was disgruntled that she was not given the first option at buying the additional shares that directors put on the market to raise additional capital. She felt that as a long-standing shareholder with more than 45% of the shares, she could have benefitted in more than one way from having the extra shares.                        B   An old shareholder, M. Malenjane, indicated that he wanted to sell his shares back to the company as he lost interest in being a shareholder. He presently owns 40% of the shares.          REQUIRED:             Comment on the following:             Refer to Extract A:             1.1   Explain any TWO benefits that the shareholder was referring to with regards to having the extra shares.   (4)         1.2   Provide at least TWO suggestions on how the existing shareholders should deal with such a request.   (4)         Refer to Extract B:             1.3   What are the implications of such a decision to the company? Provide TWO points.   (4)    TOTAL: 50    ACCN GR12E T1 SBA001 AB.docx
The penicillin class of antibiotics acts on the transpeptidase enzyme, which builds bacterial cell walls, in order to kill bacteria. What is the best name for the reaction?
Two dissolved gases seem to function as neurotransmitters; they are
The purpose of the matching layer is very important in the increasing of efficiency of the US wave conduction.  How does it improve efficiency?
Lactase is an enzyme used by bacteria to break down lactose into glucose so it can be used for glycolysis. Based on your knowledge of enzymes, which of the following would NOT be a characteristic of lactase?
__________________(blanket) de mi cama es verde.
The Sanchez Company purchased a delivery truck on February 1, 2018. The purchase agreement required Sanchez to pay the total amount due of $15,000 on February 1, 2019. Assuming an 8% rate of interest, the calculation of the price of the truck would involve multiplying $15,000 by the:A. Future value of an ordinary annuity of $1.B. Present value of $1.C. Present value of an ordinary annuity of $1.D. Future value of $1.
Possibly useful information: Device Family: MAX 10 (DA/DF/DC/SA/SC)Device: 10M02SCU169C8G -- VHDL Syntax Examplelibrary ieee; use ieee.std_logic_1164.all;entity NAND2a is port(    A,B: in bit;    C: out bit);end NAND2a;architecture behavior of NAND2a issignal COut: bit;begin    ...end behavior; Problem Description Design, construct, and demonstrate a circuit that meets the following specifications to output a sequence of bits (displayed using your DAD) represented by the infinite sequence of octal numbers 4, 7, 4, 4, 4, 7, 4, 4, 4, 7, ..., sequencing at the rising edge of a signal called CLK.  Inputs: CLK, START(L) Outputs: YJ(H), X(L) The X output should be true ONLY when the sequence is on the second 4 after the 7, i.e., the last of the values in the sequence 4744. Whenever START is true, immediately restart the sequence at the first 4.  Notes: The sequence repeats forever. (4744 is the course number for Microprocessor Applications.) Be very careful to read the sequence correctly. Part 1  Make a next-state truth for this problem. Use the usual counting order for table. For the outputs YJ, Y0 should be the least significant bit.  Use whatever flip-flop(s) that you prefer, but I suggest T flip-flop(s) (tff in Quartus) only, but this is NOT a requirement, i.e., you can use any desired flip-flop(s). The CLK signal will be supplied by your DAD. Design the circuit in Quartus. Determine equations for all the necessary signals. Simulate the design in Quartus, as specified below:  Make START true through at least one clock cycle. Make START false and go through the sequence exactly 2.5 times (ten clock cycles), i.e., 4,7,4,4, 4,7,4,4, 4,7, and then make START true again for at least one clock cycle. Make START false again and then continue the sequence for the rest of the simulation. Group the outputs YJ, such that Y0 is the least significant bit. Display the Y outputs with the radix in octal (i.e., base 8). Leave the Simulator Tool open in your Quartus project.    Part 2  Program your PLD and build the circuit on your breadboard. Use NO 74'xxx chips.  Program the PLD and build the circuit on your breadboard. See below for specifications on your inputs and outputs.  Use your DAD for CLK, i.e., do NOT build physical switch circuits.  Replacing your DAD with physical switch circuits is okay, but will result in a significant point reduction.   Build a physical switch circuit for START(L), i.e., do NOT use your DAD.  Replacing your physical switch circuit with your DAD is okay, but will result in a significant point reduction. Make a legend for START(L), indicating the true positions, as you did for switches in lab.   Use your DAD for the octal output sequence YJ (where J is the bit position 0, 1, ...), must be displayed using your DAD Waveform's StaticIO in the same bit positions, i.e., YJ should be in bit position J on the Waveform's StaticIO bit J. Do NOT build physical LED circuits.  Replacing your DAD with physical LED circuits is okay, but will result in a significant point reduction.   Build a physical LED circuit for X(L), i.e., do NOT use your DAD.  Replacing your physical LED circuits with your DAD is okay, but will result in a significant point reduction. The physical LED should be illuminated with X(L) is true. Make a legend for the LED to indicate which LED correspond to X(L), as you did in lab.     Other than the above, build the circuit using only your PLD, either of your two breadboards, wires, switches, LEDs, and resistors (i.e., as specified above). No physical 74xxx parts are allowed. Test your circuit. When you are confident that it works properly (or when time requires that you do so), archive this Quartus project and submit it as part of this practical quiz.  Submissions You MUST complete the two file uploads (see below) before the end of your practical.   If you have not already done so, when there are five minutes remaining in your practical, you should stop working and start this process.  You must archive your Quartus design and upload it (in the next problem).  In the last problem, you must upload a single pdf file (use CamScanner or equivalent) containing a clear picture of your breadboard that shows your circuit (as well as switch and LED legends) and also contains clear pictures of your scratch paper, showing the next state truth and any equations that were derived.  Failure to upload these files before the end of the practical will result in a grade of zero.  Demonstration You will have only ONE chance to demo your work.  If you think you are ready, read the question again to be sure that you completed ALL parts of this practical. Do not ask us for any feedback on your design. Be prepared to show (and re-run) your simulation and to run your design, as instructed, by a PI or Dr. Schwartz. If ready prior to the end of the practical, use Zoom's chat to tell your PI that you are ready by sending READY. You will NOT be told anything about how you did, but grades will be posted ASAP.   You will show your Quartus simulation to match the requirements from Part 1, item 6.  Your Simulator Tool should already be open in your Quartus project when you start your demonstration.   Demonstrate your physical circuit, following the PI's instructions with inputs.
