Which of the following is the most common source of financing for personal loans?
DSM/GMS CS1: a critical section governed by lock L1 CS2: a critical section governed by lock L2 Memory consistency model: LRC In the increasing time order shown below:  Time T1: Process P1 in CS1 produces a diff for page X: Xd1 Time T2: Process P2 in CS1 produces a diff for page X: Xd2 Time T3: Process P3 in CS2 produces a diff for page X: Xd3  Process P4 wishes to execute CS1. (i) What should happen before P4 starts executing CS1? Justify your answer. (ii) While inside CS1, P4 accesses page X.  What should happen to ensure correct execution?  Justify your answer.
Oil and natural gas co-exist underground with varying amounts of water, so in some cases significant amounts of water may be extracted, or "produced", along with oil  and/or gas - nationally an average of _______ barrels of water are produced for each barrel of oil.
Which of the following has Substance Abuse Mental Health (SAMHSA) described as major dimensions of support for a life of recovery? (Select all that apply).
We discussed two types of Force Account work in class.  One was aka "Day Labor."  Describe the other one.
Which statement is most accurate regarding the fine motor skills of a 3-year old child?
Identify the element that chlorine forms a covalent bond with
Areolar tissue and adipose tissue make up the _____
The assigned HBR article "Why Should Anyone be Led by You?" explores other perspectives about what creates successful leaders. Select that true statement based on the article.
What is a reputation system?
Which type of plants can produce "gemmae cups"?
The substance acted on by an enzyme is called the
Instructions The R Markdown file / Jupyter Notebook file includes the questions, the empty code chunk sections for your code, and the text blocks for your responses. Answer the questions below by completing the R Markdown file / Jupyter Notebook file. You must answer the questions using one of these files. You will submit a html file using one of the two files. You may make slight adjustments to get the file to knit/convert but otherwise keep the formatting the same. Once you've finished answering the questions, submit your responses in a single knitted/converted file (just like the homework peer assessments). There are 8 questions total, each worth between 4-11 points. Partial credit may be given if your code is correct but your conclusion is incorrect or vice versa. Next Steps:  Save the .Rmd/.ipynb file in your R working directory - the same directory where you will download the "Mortality.csv" data file into. Having both files in the same directory will help in reading the "Mortality.csv" file. Read the question and create the R code necessary within the code chunk section immediately below each question. Knitting this file will generate the output and insert it into the section below the code chunk. Type your answer to the questions in the text block provided immediately after the response prompt. Once you've finished answering all questions, knit this file and submit the knitted file as HTML on Canvas.  Mock Example Question 5 - 4pts This will be the exam question - each question is already copied from Canvas and inserted into individual text blocks below, you do not need to copy/paste the questions from the online Canvas exam. # Example code chunk area. Enter your code below the comment Mock Response to Question 5: This is the section where you type your written answers to the question. Depending on the question asked, your typed response may be a number, a list of variables, a few sentences, or a combination of these elements.   Ready? Let's begin. Data Set  Mortality.csv  Starter TemplatesYou may use either the R Markdown or Jupyter Notebook Starter Template:  R Markdown Starter Template:  6414_SP21_Midterm_2_Part_2_Starter_Template.Rmd  Jupyter Notebook Starter Template:  6414_SP21_Midterm_2_Part_2_Starter_Template.ipynb
Which of the following factors will influence the action of microbial agents?
From the beginning of his presidency, Kennedy vigorously supported black civil rights.
Ordered: Triazolam (Halcion) 0.001 mg/kg body weight q daily HS for insomnia. Patient weighs 223 pounds. Supply- 25 mcg tablets. Give how many tab(s) per day?
The nurse cares for a child during evaluation for leukemia.  The parents ask, "Which test is the best for detecting leukemia?"
Which of the following is a disorder that is present at birth and is created by malformations in the medial wall(s) of the heart chambers?
In the radical behaviorist tradition of B. F. Skinner, thinking and feeling are often described as:
Which position/view for a large bowel study demonstrates the right colic flexure open?
