Part F: Labeling 10 points total (2 points per question)
9. Draw and label the energy level diagrams of the following lasers: a) Three Level; b) Four Level.                                         10. A HeNe laser has an HR mirror with a reflectivity of 99.1%. The transmission of the output coupler is 9.3%, and the combined scattering and absorption loss at the mirror surface is 0.08%. The saturated amplifier gain is 1.077. Find the round-trip cavity loss.                                         11. An Nd: YAG laser has a cavity length of 60 cm and a rod length of 11 cm. The index of refraction of Nd: YAG is 1.833. The remainder of the cavity is filled with a gas that has an index of 1.37. Determine the mode spacing.                                         12. A HeNe laser has a fluorescent linewidth of 1.5 GHz and output coupler with a transmission of 1.8%. The round trip loss is 0.3%. The cavity length is 60 cm. Determine the coherence length with and without an etalon.                                         13. The initial conditions (energy levels) for a laser active medium are E1 = -1.75 eV to E2 = -0.65 eV and temperature of 900 F. The active medium is beginning to be pumped and it will reach a stage when E1 = E2 = -1.1 eV, follow up by E1 reaching -1.75 eV and E2 will be -0.65 eV. Calculate the ratio of the numbers of atoms at the two energy levels in each case and discuss the effects on the population inversion and the absorption coefficient of the material.                                         14. A spherical laser cavity has the following parameters: R1 = R2= L/2, and L = 60 cm. a. Draw the cavity configuration. b. Determine if the cavity is stable or not.                                         15. The Yb: YAG laser has a mode spacing of 321.7 MHz. The laser fluorescent linewidth of Yb: YAG is 20 GHz. Determine the approximate number of modes in the laser output.                                         16. A 3.2 mW laser strikes a piece of material 0.015 m thick and a beam of 1.73 mW is transmitted. Find: a. transmission, b. absorption coefficient and c. optical density of the material.                                         17. HeNe laser tube 25 cm long has a gain of 1.19. Find the gain coefficient.                                         18. If a pulsed laser produces 50 joules per pulse and delivers this energy in 0.05 milliseconds, how much power is delivered to the target?                                       19. Q-switched Nd:YAG laser has an average power of 22 W, a pulse duration of 1.2 us, and a pulse repetition time of 250 us.  Find: a) PRR, b) Duty Cycle, c) Pmax, and d) Energy per pulse.
Which of the following is not protected by freedom of speech?
The _____ describes that an overabundance of nutrients can reduce population numbers due to toxicity.
The personality traits "cheerful" and "down-to-earth" belong to which one of the 5 dimensions of Aaker's Brand Personality Scale?
Socrates' wisdom consists in his knowledge of
AS is a 54-year-old business man who has a family history of lung cancer. AS started smoking at 15; years later, he got what he thought was a very bad cold that lasted for a week, started experiencing pain in his tongue, and was given ibuprofen for pain. He then noticed white sores that were getting bigger in his oral cavity near the tongue. He started feeling generally lousy and was unable to eat because of severe pain; he lost 30 lbs in a month. AS went to the clinic, where they did a biopsy that revealed squamous cell cancer of the tongue. AS has undergone radiation therapy (RT) and surgery to remove the cancer and a restorative surgery was scheduled. Because of the RT, AS has developed mucositis and xerostomia in his oral cavity. All his nodes that were sent to the laboratory tested negative for metastasis, and no further RT was needed. The surgeons felt confident that they had removed all the cancer.   HT: 5'11" UBW: 165 lbs WT: 135 lbs   Meds: Corticosteroids and antineoplastic (dexamethasone) to reduce inflammation, K depletion, Na retention; and morphine for pain. Given AS's weight loss, what would his MD likely diagnose him with?
Team-based approaches to work have generated excitement. Used appropriately, teams can be powerfully effective as a(n)
When magnesium combines with oxygen, the reaction involves a
In the context of American business, which of the following statements is true of the changing scenario of operations management over the last five decades?
In a few sentences, define vaccine hesitancy and explain why it is dangerous
Which of the following most accurately defines absolute poverty?
Let  1.  Use differentials to estimate the change:
Identify the number of electron groups around a molecule with sp3 hybridization.
The nurse places mechanical restraints on a client who demonstrates aggressive and violent behavior.  Which is the best description of the reason for this action?
Why is a spinal tap performed below L2 of the spinal cord?
NO CALCULATOR QUESTION: Give three equivalent fractions for
An apparently unprovoked, intense fear reaction resembling sheer terror is called
Which of the following is true in regard to rectilinear lenses. (one answer)
A violent and demeaning form of abuse in a romantic relationship, in which the victim is frightened to fight back, seek help, or withdraw, is referred to as "_____."
