Problem 4. A cylindrical pin fin of diameter 1 cm and length of 5 cm with negligible heat loss from the tip has an effectiveness of 15. If the fin base temperature is 280 oC, the environment temperature is 20 oC, and the heat transfer coefficient is 65 W/m2.K, the rate of heat loss from this fin is
You are taking care of a patient with a WBC of 34 who is coughing up green sputum.  What medication might you expect the physician to order?
Society typically defines rape an an aggressive act committed by
Find the midpoint of the segment with the given endpoints.(4, -6) and (-8, 7)
The study of the continental drift and one world continent (Pangaea) was first introduced by
The motile, feeding stage of protozoa is called the _____.
A nurse assesses an elderly patient who was found wandering and confused. The nurse feels sad and reflects, "She's like my grandmother... so helpless." Which term best applies to the nurse's response?
If the price of coffee beans were to decrease by 120% over the decade and if all else were held constant, what would we expect to happen to the supply curve of coffee lattes?
A microorganism has been described to you as living in hot acidic habitats in the waste piles of coal mines that regularly sustain a pH of 1 and a temperature of nearly 60 degC. Which type of organism do you immediately assume it is?
When Emperor Alexius asked for Western help against the Seljuk Turks, he was hoping for
Ageism is a term used to describe the: a.    increased status for older adults.b.    privilege afforded persons of advancing age.c.    negative attitude toward aging.d.    decline in the quality of life which accompanies the aging process.
You saw a G4T3A0L3 client 2 weeks ago for her initial prenatal care visit at 11 weeks gestation and she had positive fetal heart tones. At that time, she told you that she is unsure of paternity since she has 3 current sexual partners. In addition, she has been treated for gonorrhea and chlamydia on numerous occasions. She calls today stating that she is having reddish-brown vaginal spotting without pain. The most likely differential diagnosis at this point is:
Which psychologist proposed the existence of g as it applies to intelligence?
Which of the following was NOT included in the original four Ps of marketing formulation?
Assuming the pH of a solution changes from 7 to 4, how has the solution's [H+] changed?
When Company "A" began to analyze the results from their survey, they realized that they had forgotten to add a critical question that affected the interpretation of the data.  This represents what type of error?  ________.
Type the correct IUPAC name for the following molecule:
A sheet of metal with a length of 1.5 m and width of 2 m is placed on the surface of a wooden table. A 0.0015 m thick dielectric cotton tablecloth with a permittivity of 4.8x10-11 C2/Nm2 is laid on top of the metal sheet and another identical metal plate is placed on the first piece of metal. Each plate is hooked up to opposite terminals of a 12 V car battery.    a) What is the charge that develops on the capacitor plates? b) How much energy is stored by the capacitor? c) Calculate the strength of the electric field between the capacitor plates.   Suddenly a large punch bowl is spilled on the table soaking the tablecloth and changing the permittivity of the cloth to 7.7x10-10 C2/Nm2. Answer the following questions assuming the cloth is soaked as described. d)How much charge is on the plates now. e) Find the energy stored by the capacitor when the tablecloth is soaked. f)Now the metal plates are disconnected from the battery. If the cloth dries overnight returning the tablecloth to its original condition, then calculate the energy stored in the capacitor the next day. g)What is the new potential difference the next day?   part a) Co =1.77x10-8 F 4. Since the capacitor has a dielectric between the plates you must calculate the dielectric constant. Calculate the dielectric constant for the tablecloth. Round to 4 decimal places.
A varicocele
17. A nurse is caring for a client with severe rheumatoid arthritis who takes nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs NSAIDs on a regular basis. What medication should the nurse question if ordered by the healthcare provider to be taken in addition to the anti-inflammatory agent?
