Lee la descripcion del transporte publico en Madrid que hace Jordi. Luego contesta las preguntas. Answer all questions, in spanish. ------------------------------------------------ Prefiero ir a los sitios (places) en motocicleta, no en coche, porque vivo en Madrid. Madrid es una ciudad muy caotica, hay muchisimo trafico. Entonces, o (either) utilizo la moto o el transporte publico, principalmente el metro. El transporte publico de Madrid, respecto a (compared to) las otras capitales de Europa, es un transporte publico muy barato. Pero hay muchas veces que no te puedes fiar (rely on it). Sales y piensas que vas a tardar (take) 20 minutos y luego tardas hasta 1 hora. Entonces es importante ir siempre a los sitios con mucho tiempo.  Aqui en Madrid el mejor transporte publico es el metro. Tambien funciona muy bien Madrid Cercanias, el tren que conecta todos los pueblos y todas las ciudades del area metropolitana de Madrid. Y luego el autobus, y el taxi tambien. Pero en horas puntas (peak) de mucho trafico, ni el autobus ni el taxi te soluciona (help) mucho. Es mejor coger el transporte de Cercanias o el metro. 1. Nombra tres tipos de transporte publico que menciona Jordi. 2. ?Cual es el medio de transporte que Jordi prefiere usar? 3. ?Como compara el metro de Madrid con los transportes publicos de las otras capitales de Europa? 4. Segun Jordi, ?cual es el problema principal con el metro de Madrid? 5. ?Que tipo de transporte conecta todos los pueblos del area metropolitana de Madrid?
The _____ conflict style is the only win/win style in the Thomas-Kilmann Conflict Styles graph.
______________ is a term applied to medieval music that consists of Gregorian chant and one or more additional melodic lines.
Polyglutamates are digested via:
Tall is dominant to dwarf in pea plants. If two dwarf pea plants were crossed, their offspring will be
When playing sports such as basketball, when jumping up for a rebound and coming down on the lateral malleolus
Which of the following is the best example of an effective thesis statement?
26. A patient is in the operatory for treatment. You notice the patient clenching the arms of the chair and sweat beads forming on his brow even though the office temperature is cool. What nonverbal communication is the patient exhibiting?
In a for statement, this expression is executed only once.
A nurse is making initial rounds on patients. Which intervention for a patient with poor wound healing should the nurse perform first?
What are 2 common types of businesses that rely on high visibility from customers?
That we may have to look for several causes contributing simultaneously to a case of biodiversity loss is evident in the study of
Who were known as "clients" in Sumer?
Mike's Ice cream shop had the following     Net Sales   Operating expenses   Cost of goods sold   Taxes paid     $281,400   $119,380   $103,800   $7240        Find the net income before Taxes. Use dollar sign, comma if necessary, and round to cents
19. Why does Klipspringer call?
Regulations for dental assistants:
Nurse retention is important for healthcare organizations. According to Herzberg's Motivation Theory, which option would most likely contribute to increased job satisfaction?
What is the difference between intracellular signaling and intercellular signaling?
Write in the correct phonetic symbols for both of the vowel sounds in this two-syllable word:   drunkard   Be sure to use virgules and separate your response with a comma e.g., /u, i/
The mycobacterium are easily stained using the Gram stain method.
