Students, You can access the exam questions in this PDF. Same as for the assignments, either print out the exam and then scan it (e.g., using your favorite mobile app), use iPad to write answers, or directly write the answer on PDF using your favorite tool.  You will need to upload PDF to this question before time runs out.   No upload within 120minutes of starting, no grade. As was already stated, the exam is open book, open notes, open lectures. BUT. It is individual work. Any communication (to anybody in or outside the class) is strictly prohibited and will be considered cheating and appropriately reported to student affairs.  As is mentioned in the first lecture and emphasized multiple times, you are NOT allowed to share exam material (with or without answers) to anybody.  This will also be reported to academic affairs. If you need any clarification questions, please ask on piazza. I obviously cannot be there 24/7 during the exam period, but will try to monitor as closely as I can.
Coconut and palm oils consist mainly of what type of fatty acids?
What principle of stratigraphy best represents a fault?
Your veterinarian has asked you to restrain a rabbit for a quick intramuscular injection. Which technique will you use?
You notice that the price of butter falls and then rises. The best explanation for this is that:
All of the following are foundations of the three principles of sustainability except___.
Damage to the spinal accessory nerve (CN XI) would affect which movement?
People with which blood type are universal recipients?
Tu aurais du venir Choose the appropriate subject to complete each sentence. ______________ auriez mange au fast-food tous les jours.
This is the end of the Test. If you wish to upload your scratch paper for possible partial credit, you will have 20 minutes to do so, after submitting this test. After submitting this test, please scan or take pictures of your scratch paper and upload the files and send them as an attachment to a Canvas message to me. Submitting your scratch paper is optional.
20.2 Chem. 9.1-3; CLA 1 Which of the following include regular, scheduled checks to ensure a safe workplace?
You see the following result on your MSA plate after streaking your unknown.  What can you conclude?
The two regions with the highest risk of social unrest are:
A client in the manic phase of bipolar disorder is being provided with lithium and has a current level of 0.4. What will the nurse assess in this client?
This wakes us up in the morning:
Anna had a blood test and the results are indicated below.  Which of this data seems to be abnormal ?:
A term that means incision of a vein:
Which of following processes is the primary function of the mouth?
Explain how paleoclimatologists reconstruct past climates. In your answer, be sure to name and describe at least (3) different proxies.
2.4   Voorspel wat met ons omgewing (planeet) kan gebeur as verbruikers nie volhoubare verbruik beoefen nie.   (2)
