The difference between the systolic and diastolic pressures is called the
What is the primary cause of peptic ulcers?
Who attended plays in ancient Greece?
Ryan produces hair clips and earrings. Celia also produces hair clips and earrings, but Ryan has the absolute advantage in producing both goods. In this case, trade could
A double cheeseburger with bacon contains 44 grams of protein, 28 grams of carbohydrate, and 39 grams of fat. What percentage of calories in the sandwich comes from fat?
The General Fund had estimated Compensated Absences of $120,000 at December 31, 2018 and $95,000 at December 31, 2019. Reconciling from fund balance to Net Position of Governmental Activities the Government-Wide financial statements for 2019 would result in"
The home health nurse is caring for an client who has a yellow rating for an asthmatic condition on his peak flow meter.  Which of the following actions should the nurse take initially?
Cultura / Geografia Select the correct answer / completion for each item.
When conducting authentic, natrualistic observations:
Which of these events was the one that provided the first convincing evidence that Einstein's General Relativity Theory was correct?
__________ is a formula that demonstrates the relationship between Work-In-Process, Throughput, and Process Cycle Time.
60. Which of the following is not considered a mode of action by antimicrobial agents?
Read the article below on being a hero. Then, answer the questions that follow. What Really Is a Hero, Anyway? Mike Dilbeck, Founder "True heroism is remarkably sober, very undramatic.It is not the urge to surpass all others
at whatever cost,but the urge to serve others at whatever cost."-- Arhur Ashe As we all hear the word "hero" used from time to time, have you ever asked yourself the question, "What is a hero, anyway?" I have asked that question many times. As I inquired into this more, and have spoken to many people about this, others also came up for me:  Is a hero someone we simply admire, respect, look up to? Is a hero some kind of "superhero" with "super powers?" Does it take a lot of money and fame to be a hero? What's involved in being a hero? Can we call ourselves a hero? Why do we have such a weird relationship to the word "hero?"  You may have asked yourself these same questions. And we will be exploring this subject more in the future days and weeks on this blog. So, let's start now by looking at the concept of "hero" and "heroism." While there are many interpretations of what a hero is, I have adopted the definition used by the Heroic Imagination Project: Heroes are people who transform compassion (a personal virtue) into heroic action (a civic virtue). In doing so, they put their best selves forward in service to humanity. A hero is as an individual or a network of people that take action on behalf of others in need, or in defense of integrity or a moral cause. Heroic action is:  Engaged in voluntarily; Conducted in service to one or more people or the community as a whole; Involving a risk to physical comfort, social stature, or quality of life; and Initiated without the expectation of material gain.  When you consider this interpretation, you can really get that heroism is the other side of the coin -- the opposite -- of bystander behavior. When you voluntarily engage in an activity that is in service to someone else, or the community as a whole, and you take a risk in doing so AND do it without any expectation of material gain: you are a hero! You are not a bystander. Heroism is not random acts of kindness, as great as they are. Heroism is very distinct. A hero is not someone you simply admire or respect. A hero is a very distinct person.  Each and every day around us, there are those who need a hero:  If a child is being bullied at school -- or even an adult being bullied at the workplace -- they need a hero. If someone has had too much to drink and they are about to drive, they -- and everyone that their driving may impact -- need a hero.  If someone is being sexually "hit on" and has not given consent, they need a hero.  If a group of students are being hazed -- physically, emotionally or otherwise -- they need a hero. If an inappropriate or offensive comment is spoken, those impacted need a hero.  Now, truth be told, we all want to be heroes. We all want to make that difference in that moment of time that will dramatically impact the situation and even foster change. Keep someone safe. Keep others safe. Stand up for what is right and just. As I travel the country and speak to audiences of hundreds of people -- and then have the chance to speak one-on-one with many of them -- I have yet to meet anyone that doesn't want this. We all simply desire the ability and the power to act freely and without restraint to make this kind of difference.   Yes, I know, we all have a really funky relationship to the word "hero." You may notice that it came up for you the second you read the headline to this post. You may think it's narcissistic. Egotistical. Self-promotional. You may even think that it's something to be bestowed on you rather than self-acclamation.  I also believe that most of us have a very cynical and resigned relationship to heroism. It may come from a time when we tried to be a hero -- to take a heroic action -- and it didn't go well or have the effect we needed it to. Or, maybe we wanted to be a hero for someone and never took the actions necessary to make the difference. In those moments we make a decision that we can't be a hero -- we don't have what it takes. It was a good idea at the time; however, "I must not be good enough to be a hero." And these decisions have been validated by subsequent events ever since we made them. Actually, the older we are, the more evidence we have gathered to prove them true.   I get it. I really do. I have just as much evidence as you do that I am not a hero -- and can't be. "Why even try, right?" I am on this journey with you and I invite us all to stay in this conversation and explore it together: "How can I be a hero?" Better yet, "how can I prepare and equip myself to be a hero in those moments in life that demand it?" I am committed that we all create a new and inspiring relationship to being a hero and allowing others to be heroes for us. Let yourself be empowered by the opportunity it is to make this kind of difference. This very commitment is the driving force of this revolution. Think of a time someone was a hero for you and how you have never forgotten that person for what they did. You have never gotten over their courage and their actions -- for you. Think of a time when you were able to make this kind of difference for someone else. What did it feel like? What was that experience like? I promise, if you allow yourself to really experience this, you will be inspired -- by yourself! My challenge to all of us: be a hero vs. be a bystander! Be an "everyday" person willing to keep your eyes, ears and heart open "every day" to any opportunity that may demand heroism.  I invite you now to commit to this by taking the pledge in the box on the right side of this page. I thank you for taking this on. Really! I thank you for being the kind of person even willing to make this kind of commitment and hold yourself accountable for fulfilling it -- for others, for organizations, and for issues you care about.   This will allow all of us to live extraordinary lives making the difference we all want -- and need -- to make. Get involved. Stay engaged.
Six brands of raw materials are tested for their effect on a process yield. Random samples of size 12 are used for each of the materials. Use the following partially completed ANOVA table for this experiment to answer the problems.       Source of Variation   df   SS   MS   F     Brand of Material       7.424       2.32     Error           0.64         Total Variation   71                   What is the value of the test statistic?
Boiling is not reliable for sterilization because A.  heat-sensitive instruments may be destroyed. B.  heat-resistant endospores are unaffected. C. water boils at a higher temperature at lower altitudes.D. viruses are more sensitive to heat than bacteria.
Amos Ball Printing Company was established in 1866. Currently, Amos Ball V is the CEO and chairman of the board. The company has traditionally used a functional structure. Five years ago, the company branched into online publishing and small-batch printing in addition to its regular large-batch operations. Both new businesses are significantly different in technology and marketing from each other and from Ball's traditional business. Despite the hiring of experienced professionals in these new endeavors, performance continues to be poor and is affecting Ball's overall performance. Which of the following statements is true?
The Adkison-Johnson article on African American parents and discipline emphasized that
Most sports drinks that help rehydrate the body are _________ relative to your body's cells.
Trauma centers are specialized units within emergency departments that deal with major traumatic injuries such as motor vehicle accidents or gunshot wounds. An example is shown below.    Patients brought into a trauma center are hooked up to several monitoring devices which measure important vital parameters such as blood pressure, heart rate, and respiratory rate. These parameters must be monitored throughout the treatment of the patient because they can change rapidly when a patient's condition is not stable. The sensors are show on a vital signs monitor (shown below) and the location of the monitor is circled in red in the above picture (located on the wall at the head of the bed). During a trauma response, emergency doctors, nurses, and technicians are arranged around the patient's bed during treatment. The trauma leader is stationed at the head of the bed. You are brought in as a human factors specialist to examine how the trauma responders are using the displays.     A. You decide it is important to examine whether the team members are paying attention to the monitors. List the 4 factors of the SEEV model of selective attention. (2 pts)  B. Choose two of the factors from the SEEV model. For each factor, provide a definition, describe how it can be used to understand whether the trauma team will pay attention to the vitals monitor, and provide an example based on the information provided above. (8 pts) Factor 1: Definition: Application: Factor 2: Definition: Application:   C.  Based on the course material, provide a definition of (i) a group and (ii) a team and state whether the trauma responders described above are a team or a group, and why. (6 pts)
