Hour 1     Please answer one of the two following questions each hour of the exam:    Discuss as many of the last 10 piano concerti of Mozart as you can, pointing out important details of each one and proceeding movement by movement when possible. Focus on the relationship between the piano and the orchestra, the idiomatic writing for the piano and orchestra, interesting points of orchestration and whether or not there are existing cadenzas.    Pick four piano sonatas of Haydn and discuss significant aspects of each one proceeding movement by movement when possible.  You may draw from any period of Haydn's compositional life including the early Divertimenti.
Which of the following statement(s) is/are true about Submandibular Gland?
Benzene, C6H6, burns in the presence of oxygen, O2, to produce carbon dioxide and water: 2 C6H6 (l)   +   15 O2 (g)
Using the following null hypothesis:  Increased human disturbance will have no effect on levels of invertebrate biodiversity at a given site.  The independent variable in the given null hypothesis is:
From the list of convolutions below, select the statement that is incorrect.
The foramen magnum is the bone marking through which the spinal cord travels.  Which bone is it in?
Which virus causes hypertrophy of dermal fibroblasts in telost fish?
50. Your patient is in the emergency room and needs an intravenous (IV) antibiotic before going home. The antibiotic contains 450 mL and is to run over two hours. The tubing available is 15 gtt/mL. How many gtt/min do you infuse the antibiotic? _______gtt/min (Round to the nearest whole number).
Which molecule would be correctly classified as a protein?
In humans, a common form of Red-Green colorblindness results from a Recessive allele that is Sex-linked (X-linked). A normal woman whose father was color-blind marries a color-blind man.  They produce 6 children (4 sons and 2 daughters). How many of this couple's sons would you expect to be color-blind vision? Give your answer as a whole number (0,1,2,3,4 etc)
what is the name of the valve between the right atrium and right ventricle?
The test that measures the accuracy of adjacent milliamperage stations is
Which statement is INCORRECT?
If a bell is repeatedly followed by food, thereby producing a salivation to the bell, the bell is a:
1.4   Qu'est-ce que Margaux n'aime pas?   (1)
Which populations are at greatest risk for disruption after a disaster? (Select all that apply.)
Symmetric encryption is also called secret key encryption. True or False?
A lack of mitochondria within skeletal muscle would impair which ATP-yielding chemical process?
In their temperament research, Chess and Thomas used which factors to categorize types of temperaments in infants?
Joyce was injured by an uninsured drunk driver while she was riding in a friend's car. Joyce and her friend each have a PAP with an uninsured motorists limit of $50,000. How much will be paid by each policy if it is determined that Joyce has $70,000 of bodily injuries?
