A 23-year-old woman recently camped out in northeastern United States and came home with a red papule, plus flulike symptoms. Other symptoms began to appear several weeks later. The most-likely diagnosis is:
A woman comes to the clinic because she suspects that she is pregnant. Which would be the most definitive way to confirm the diagnosis?
In the space below, answer one (and only one) of the four questions below.  Be sure to indicate which of the four you are answering.  Each question asks for a couple of paragraphs.  It is fine to write more if you know more than will fit in two paragraphs.  This question is worth 4 points.   In a couple of paragraphs, explain how PET scans work.  Include as much detail as you can.  In a couple of paragraphs, explain what the ozone hole is, how it formed, why it matters, and what steps have been taken to close it.  In a couple of paragraphs, explain how oil extraction techniques have changed as our demand for oil has increased. Include as much detail as you are able.    In a couple of paragraphs, explain how the greenhouse effect works and why it is changing.
Which Part I crime has the highest clearance rate?
What is the language recognized by the following finite-state automaton?
The blood concentration of growth hormone
Explain the commonality between ocean acidification and climate change?   (How are these topics connected?)
Which one of the following medications or class of medications is associated with the development of hypertension?
Two ways in which disease has been treated by silencing genes
Which feature is common to all forms of behaviorism (i.e., classical S-R behaviorism, methodological behaviorism, and radical behaviorism)?
Which of the following is true regarding compliance with federal regulations of research ethics?
What is the fibrous cord that guides the testis into the scrotum?
What is the term for the central artistic movement of the early 20th century, seen, for example, in the poetry of Eliot and Auden?
Where is the most common site of origin in breast cancer?
On ophthalmoscopic exam, the examiner notes the absence of a red reflex. Absence of the red reflex suggests:
If the box has a mass of 2 kg, then the acceleration of the box is [number] [units].
When the end of the rigid endoscope has 0 degrees, the view seen from it is:
The Internet is taking electronic calendars a step further by offering Web-based calendars for free.
What structure is indicated by #17 (with the blue arrow) in the picture below?
When a suspect is arrested, a warrant must be obtained to search the area in their immediate area.
