7. A telephone call center operates from 7am to 6pm (Monday-Friday) and uses hourly planning intervals for its scheduling decisions. The call center uses FT shifts that span a total of eight hours (seven hours of work and a one-hour meal break). The meal breaks in a FT shift can occur after the third hour of work (3 hours of work, a one-hour break, and 4 hours of work), or after the fourth hour of work (4 hours of work, a one-hour break, and 3 hours of work). The call center also uses PT shifts that consist of 4 consecutive hours of work with no break. FT employees are paid $175 per shift and part-time employees are paid $85 per shift. Potential starting times for full-time and part-time shifts are at the beginning of any hour, provided that the shift would not extend past the end of the operating day. No more than three shift starting times can be used for the PT employees and there must be a separation of at least two hours between each of the  selected starting times for the PT employees (note: the solution of the model should indicate what PT starting times to use - don't just pick three). In each hour of the day, the number of FT employees working must be at least as large as the number of PT employees working. You have been asked to develop a linear programming formulation that will select the PT starting times and determine the assignment of FT and PT employees to shifts, so as to minimize cost while satisfying labor requirements in each hour shown in the table below. Be sure to carefully identify your decision variables, objective function and constraints.    7-8am 8-9am 9-10am 10-11am 11-12 12-1pm 1-2pm 2-3pm 3-4pm 4-5pm 5-6pm   12 15 17 18 12 9 11 14 16 17 14
The a-halogenation of cyclohexanone:
A manufacturing system with a worker operating a standard machine tool including loading parts, unloading parts and manually operating the machine is an example of:
The mammary glands are:
Ragtime developed in African American communities throughout the southern parts of the Midwest, particularly in this city.
The parasite Ribeiroia ondatrae causes amphibians to develop severe limb deformities, including extra or missing limbs which impair the host's ability to jump and swim, and making them more susceptible to predation by birds. This is an example of a:
What term describes the perspective that the city is the center of cultural life?
The acid-fast stain is beneficial in identifying which of the following bacteria?
One of the SBUs under the Retro Group of companies is not generating a satisfactory amount of business. Extensive analysis shows that the company is losing its market share because its competitors have more sustainable processes. Analysts also feel that the growth prospects in this industry are extremely limited. Which one of the following organizational strategies should the company adopt?
Alisha has blood type B. Her mother has blood type O. Alisha plans to have a child with Jared who has blood type AB. What is the chance that this couple will have a child with type B blood?
Fleas are
Clifford Stoll's book, ____, provides an excellent story about a real-world incident that turned into an international tale of espionage and intrigue.
Theme colors are NOT applied to which of the following?
The skin is strong and stretchy because it contains _____and_____ fibers
The parenteral route describes is a portal of entry where a microorganism is directly inoculated through the skin
The duties of officers of a corporation generally are set forth in the articles of incorporation.
Which of the following bones is NOT developed from the lateral plate somatic mesoderm?
To analyze the  _____________ context of an artwork, one must consider events from the past or present and the way they appear in an artwork.
Revenue tariffs are levied to
Arrange the following structures in the order air passes through them during inhalation: (1) alveolar ducts(2) alveolus(3) respiratory bronchiole(4) terminal bronchiole
