The distribution of the Pinaceae (pine) family of conifers is shown above (shaded).  The family is about 150 my old, and the supercontinent Pangaea began to break up into northern (Laurasia: North America + Europe) and southern (Gondwana: South America+ Africa) supercontinents about 175 mya.  This history means that which scenario is most likely?
Parr Paper's stock has a beta of 0.76, and its required return is 7%.    Clover Dairy's stock has a beta of 0.88.  If the risk-free rate is 2.9%, what is the    required rate of return on Clover's stock?  (Hint: First find the market risk premium.)
The thermic effect of food refers to:
BONUS: In the acronym ESKAPE, what does the A stand for? [write out full genus and species name]
The MOST significant complication associated with facial injuries is:
Which of these regions get(s) narrower during muscle contraction?
Recrystallization of sugar crystals during storage is known as:
Which statement regarding the heart is correct?
Paragraph 4: Respond to the following prompts in at least five complete sentences: What kind of title is used (descriptive, contextual, or untitled) and how does the title assist you in understanding the theme or content of this work? What other parts of the composition are important to understanding the work that you have yet to discuss above? You may discuss additional elements or principles here, or you may discuss prominent symbolism and/or iconography, if applicable.  Dictionary.com Thesaurus.com Color Meanings Grading: This essay question response is worth up to 20 points. Points will be awarded based on clarity, detail, and convincing application of the evidence (title and additional supporting evidence) to support your thesis.      Points Criteria     18 - 20 Exceeds Expectations: Writes a clear and convincing paragraph about the title and other characteristics of the work in seven sentences or more. Accurately identifies the type of title used and discusses how the title assists the viewer in understanding the theme or content of the work. Identifies additional characteristics of the composition that are important to understanding the work.    14 - 17 Meets Expectations: Writes a clear and convincing paragraph about the title and other characteristics of the work in five to six sentences. Accurately identifies the type of title used and discusses how the title assists the viewer in understanding the theme or content of the work. Identifies additional characteristics of the composition that are important to understanding the work.    12 - 14 Approaches Expectations: Attempts to write a clear and convincing paragraph about the title and other characteristics of the work in four sentences. May not accurately identify the type of title used, but attempts to discuss how the title assists the viewer in understanding the theme or content of the work. Attempts to identify additional characteristics that are important to understanding the work.   0 - 11 Does Not Meet Expectations: Attempts to write a clear and convincing paragraph about the title and/or other characteristics of the work in three sentences or less. May not accurately identify the type of title used, but may attempt to discuss how the title assists the viewer in understanding the theme or content of the work. May not discuss the other characteristics of the work in detail or the description may be unclear.
Which of the following clinical indications would mandate the use of an iodinated, water-soluble contrast agent?
The further back a nebulizer is placed in the inspiratory circuit, the better the particle deposition in the lungs.
ID depression at arrow
To convert four ounces to milliliters, the NA should multiply four by
Ribozymes in the ribosome form covalent peptide bonds between which chemical groups?
Question #3: Suppose you have $23,580 to invest for 6 years. a) Find the accumulated value in an account that yields (round to the nearest cent):       i) 2.25% compounded continuously        ii) 2.3% compounded semiannually   b) Which investment yields the greater return over 6 years?
Which police force makes up about 90% of all the police in China?
Tilt of a photo is best described as
A woman chronically diets using very unsafe techniques and is warned by the Nurse Practioner in the urgent care that this could cause irregular heart contractions and eventually heart failure due to low levels of:
Mr. John Doe is a 43-year-old African-American male who presents to the clinic to follow-up on elevated blood pressure. You saw Mr. Doe 3 months ago for a routine physical. At that time, his blood pressure was noted to be elevated at 135/86. After a discussion with Mr. Doe, he opted to try lifestyle modifications to reduce his blood pressure. Today, he reports in the last 3 months he has been following a heart healthy diet, exercising 3 times per week, and has lost 5 pounds (lbs). Mr. Doe has a past medical history of anxiety and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). His current medications include Celexa (citalopram) 20 mg once daily and Prilosec (omeprazole) 40 mg once daily. He has no known drug allergies. Mr. Doe reports a family history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and type 2 diabetes mellitus. He works as a computer programmer and is married with two children.  Physical exam: Temp 98.6deg F, BP 138/88, HR 85, RR 18, 02 Sat 100%, Height 6'1, Weight 220 lbs, BMI 29, Well-appearing and well-nourished; Cardiac- regular rate and rhythm; no murmurs, thrills or bruits; peripheral pulses 2+, no edema; Respiratory- clear to auscultation bilaterally Diagnostic tests: Electrocardiogram (ECG): Normal sinus rhythm at 85 beats per minute (bpm)  You have diagnosed Mr. Doe with stage I hypertension.  Describe the initial treatment plan for this patient including non-pharmacologic and pharmacologic interventions . Select all that apply.  Correct Answers:  Prescribe a first line antihypertensive agent. Obtain a complete health history and drug history including allergies, current prescriptions, over-the-counter drugs, herbal preparations, and alcohol use. Order and evaluate lab findings including electrolytes, liver and kidney function tests, and lipid profiles. Obtain baseline weight, vital signs (especially blood pressure and pulse), and cardiac monitoring. Monitor for desired therapeutic effects as well as adverse effects.  Case Study question.......When initiating antihypertensive medication, patients should generally follow-up in 2-4 weeks to assess efficacy as well as adverse effects. The patient's glucose level is within normal limits. Endocrinology referral is not warranted at this time.
A patient with diabetes mellitus and renal failure begins hemodialysis. Which diet is best on days between dialysis treatments?
