A patient with type 2 diabetes presents with a complaint of a painful feeling at the bottom of both feet which is keeping them awake at night. They state it feels like ants are biting their feet. Which is an appropriate medication for treatment of this concern?
Which of the following early educators advocated a return to nature and an approach to educating children called naturalism, and wrote the book Emile, which outlines how children should be reared?
Dr. Pressure is testing his patient's ability to detect details on the skin. He gently touches the points of a drawing compass to his patient's skin and has the person indicate whether he or she feels one point or two. What method is Dr. Pressure using?
excerpt from "A Measure of Restraint," by Chet Raymo   On September 13, 1987, two unemployed young men in search of a fast buck entered a partly demolished radiation clinic in Goiania, Brazil. They removed a derelict cancer therapy machine containing a stainless steel cylinder, about the size of a gallon paint can, which they sold to a junk dealer for twenty-five dollars. Inside the cylinder was a cake of crumbly powder that emitted a mysterious blue light. The dealer took the seemingly magical material home and distributed it to his family and friends. His six-year-old niece rubbed the glowing dust on her body. One might imagine that she danced, eerily glowing in the sultry darkness of the tropic night like an enchanted sprite. The dust was cesium-137, a highly radioactive substance. The lovely light was the result of the decay of the cesium atoms. Another product of the decay was a flux of invisible particles with the power to damage living cells. The girl is dead. Others died or became grievously sick. More than two hundred people were contaminated. A beautiful, refulgent dust, stolen from an instrument of healing, had become the instrument of death. The junk dealer's niece was not the only child who rubbed the cesium on her body like carnival glitter, and the image of those luminous children will not go away, Their story is a moral fable for our times--a haunting story, touched with dreamlike beauty and ending in death. It evokes another story that took place almost a century ago, another story that illustrates the risks that are sometimes imposed by knowledge. It is a story of Marie and Pierre Curie, the discoverers of radium, as told by their daughter Eve. The story begins at nine o'clock in the evening at the Curies' house in Paris. Marie is sitting at the bedside of her four-year-old daughter, Irene. lt is a nightly ritual; the child is uncomfortable without her mother's presence. Marie sits quietly near the girl until the restless young voice gives way to sleep. Then she goes downstairs to her husband Pierre. Husband and wife have just completed an arduous four-year effort to isolate from tons of raw ore the tiny amount of the new element that will win them fame. The work is still on their minds: the laboratory, the workbenches, the flasks and vials. "Suppose we go down there for a moment," suggests Marie. They walk through the night to the laboratory and let themselves in. "Don't light the lamps," says Marie, in darkness. Before their recent success in isolating a significant amount of the new element, Pierre had expressed the wish that radium would have "a beautiful color." Now it is clear that the reality is better than the wish. Unlike any other element, radium is spontaneously luminous! On the shelves in the dark laboratory precious particles of radium in their tiny glass receivers glow with an eerie blue light. "Look! Look!" says Marie. She sits down in darkness, her face turned toward the glowing vials. Radium. Their radium! Pierre stands at her side. Her body leans forward, her eyes attentive; she adopts the posture that had been hers an hour earlier at the bedside of her child. Eve Curie called it "the evening of the glowworms."                 Marie and Pierre Curie and their new element became famous. By the middle of the first decade of this century had begun what can only be called a radium craze. A thousand and one uses were proposed for the material with the mysterious emanations. The curative powers of a radium solution--called "liquid sunshine"--were widely touted. It was soon discovered that radium killed bacteria, and suggested uses included mouthwashes and toothpastes. Health spas with traces of radium in the water became popular. Entertainers created "radium dances," in which props and costumes coated with fluorescent salts of radium glowed in the dark. It is said that in New York people played "radium roulette," with a glowing wheel and hall, and refreshed themselves with luminescent cocktails of radium-spiked liquid. The most important commercial application of radium was in the manufacture of self-luminous paint, widely used for the numerals of watches and clocks that could he read in the dark. Hundreds of women were employed applying the luminous compound to the dials. It was a common practice for them to sharpen the tips of their brushes with their lips. Many of these women were later affected by anemia and lesions of the jawbone and mouth; a number of them died. By 1930 the physiological hazards of radioactivity were recognized by the medical profession and the reckless misuse of radium had mostly ceased. But the mysterious emanations--which properly used are an effective treatment for cancer--had taken their toll. Marie Curie discovered the secret of the stars; her tiny glass vials contained the distilled essence of the force that makes the universe glow with light. She died of radiation-induced leukemia, with cataracts on her eyes and her fingertips marked by sores that would not heal. Like many of the gifts of knowledge, radium had proved a mixed blessing. The poet Adrienne Rich1 has described Marie Curie's death this way: She died                               a famous woman                             denying  her wounds  denying  her wounds came from the same source as her power The evening of the glowworms! Eve Curie's evocative phrase might also be used to describe the dance of the Brazilian children, their bodies luminous with cesium-137. In these two stories we are drawn at last and emphatically into the circle of the Janus-faced2 god. Death and beauty, wounds and power: the piercing horns of the dilemma of science, demanding from the seeker of truth a measure of restraint.     Adrienne Rich: American poet, born 1929.   Janus: An ancient Roman god imagined to have two faces looking in opposite directions.
6.   Confirm which of the following statements are True and False.         6.1   Giotto was known for his magnificent sculptures created during the early Renaissance.   (1)
e.) What soil depth range do you expect soil organic matter to be the highest?
What is the name of the bone labeled I in this diagram?
What is the final product of the breakdown of the organic nonprotein moiety of hemoglobin?
What does this graph represent?
MISCELLANEOUS Please select the word proper word to fill in the blank for the following sentence:   The transcript was given to Lauren and  _____ to index.
#5. Una de las metas de la fundacion es convertir a cada colegio en un centro comunitario.
Based on your knowledge of physical property trends, which element(s) would you predict are the best thermal insulators? Select all that apply.
What would the amount of unsharpness be on an image that was taken with a FSS of 2mm; an OID of 2";  using an SID of 45" ?
Coal mining in Iowa did not become economically significant until after the arrival of what to Iowa during the latter half of the 1800s?
_____ is defined as a plan to raise prices after eliminating local rivals.
Which of the following procedures is currently the standard test used in the United States for evaluating the efficiency of antiseptics and disinfectants?
Patient's who are on the ventilator for ________ reasons can usually have the ventilator discontinued without delay.
An object moves along a straight line. At t=5.00 s, the object is at x=2.00 m and  its velocity is -2.00 m/s ("minus 2.00 m/s). At t=10.0 s, the object is at x= 8.00 m,  and its velocity is 4.00 m/s.  In m/s2,  what is the average acceleration of the object during this 5.00 s time interval?
The single element shown when the entire surface is to be built up is the ____ of the buildup of the weld deposit.a.    minimum thickness    c.    minimum density    b.    maximum thickness    d.    maximum density
Draw the electron dot formula for oxygen, O2. How many nonbonding electron pairs are in an oxygen molecule?
