Here's a static method called printElement that accepts an int array (called numbers) and an int (called index).  Its simple goal is to print the value at index.      public static void printElement(int[] numbers, int index) {         if (numbers == null) {            System.out.println("The array doesn't exist");            System.out.println("Done");            return;         }         if ((index < 0) || (index >= numbers.length)) {            System.out.println("The index doesn't exist");            System.out.println("Done");            return;         }         System.out.println(numbers[index]);         System.out.println("Done");     }      Notice that the method uses two if statements to check for and handle a couple of potential runtime errors.  Write a version of this method that catches exceptions (ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException and NullPointerException), instead of using if statements.  That is, your version should have the same behavior as the given method under these exceptional cases. There should be no if statements in your answer.  Finally, notice that regardless of what happens, the program always prints the String "Done".  There are three of the following statements in the method that help achieve that behavior:             System.out.println("Done"); Make sure that your solution has only one case of this particular statement.  TIP: there's a way to make sure that a set of statements execute regardless of whether or not there's an exception.  Use that construct
The amount of neurotransmitter released at a synapse is dependent on
Re: Two social work faculty developed a secondary prevention program for families with a known history of maltreatment; it involves bi-weekly home visits by a social worker who is trained in family systems interventions. These faculty, in collaboration from allies in the Department of Children and Families lobbied long and hard to secure State funding for a demonstration project using this program. The program developers were designated as the evaluators, and because this is a program evaluation, it was exempt from IRB review. Families were informed about the evaluation and asked to participate without going into detail about potential harms, benefits, or privacy of data. The expectation was that the program would show a significant reduction in reported child abuse incidents. Instead, the results showed a slight but significant increase in reported child abuse incidents and a higher rate of re-opened CPS cases among participating families within the first 3 years (using CPS administrative data). The investigators were perplexed and very concerned about withdrawal of State funding for this program. An evaluation report to the funder portrayed the program in a favorable light by highlighting program satisfaction as well as qualitative input from some of the program participants. The findings regarding the impact of the program in terms of reported child abuse incidents were included but the report cast doubts about the credibility of these findings, pointing to (minor) problems with the evaluation methods. ------------------------------------------------------------------- The higher rates of child abuse reports and re-opened CPS cases for families involved in this study could be a function of heightened scrutiny of families monitoring by the social service system, an unintended consequence.  Articulate ONE Belmont principle of ethical research is raised by this study and explain why it is a problem.
A 25-year-old just had a colonoscopy and was diagnosed with Crohn disease. Which of the following are consistent with this diagnosis?
As it relates to coding with an eye code, give 3 examples of a "diagnostic program/test" that is not considered part of a normal eye exam.
Using the elements below, write sentences that include either pendant or depuis. Pay attention to the tense.   Modele: (savoir lire) Je sais lire depuis seize ans. (habiter aux Etats-Unis)
The following figure shows a chromosomal separation taking place.  The letters stand for different genes with different alleles.  The diploid chromosome number for this organism is four.  What process is shown in the image?
2.   Vind 'n woord in paragraaf 1 wat dieselfde beteken as  "ontstel".   (1)
The hardness of bone comes from __________, whereas _________ provides some degree of flexibility.A. hydroxyapatite; osteoidB. calcium carbonate; calcium phosphateC. osteoid; hydroxyapatiteD. phosphated calcium; elastin
Which of the following forms of chromatin requires condensins?
Cross-cultural psychology investigates the similarities and differences in psychological functioning in and across various cultures and ethnic groups. For example, cross-cultural psychologists examine how cultures differ in:
Why did strikes generally fail during the Gilded Age?
All of the following may happen in sex therapy EXCEPT for
Name the 3 primary cities where J. S. Bach worked (in chronological order)
A patient who was admitted with diabetic ketoacidosis has been weaned off an insulin drip 30 minutes ago. The patient reports feeling lightheaded and sweaty. Which action should the nurse take first?
Early Christian writings indicate that the early church _______ practiced baptism by immersion.
a  e  i   o   u   E  ?  n   ! ?A que hotel vas si quieres estar cerca de la playa?
Indicate 4 components of Extracellular Matrix and briefly explain their roles?
How is the location of the wrist joint determined?
Which of the following situation is NOT a significant source of pressure hazards?
