The following data shows the number of employees per company from a sample of 12 companies: 55, 55, 57, 68, 69, 75, 75, 75, 77, 82, 82, 88 You do not need to label these answers, except when indicated. Find the mean, do not round: [a] Find the mode: [b] Find the sample standard deviation, round to 2 decimal places (be careful!): [c] Find the coefficient of variation, round to 1 decimal place and include a % sign with your answer: [d] Compute a 75% Chebyshev interval around the sample mean (go from lowest to highest value, round to the nearest tenth): The interval is from [e1] to [e2].
Which of the following is/are mechanisms of isolation that can lead to the formation of new species?
Liming materials are bases (alkaline substances) that react with hydrogen ions in the soil solution.
All living and non-living things in an area at a particular time is
Solve the problem.The scores on a certain test are normally distributed with a mean score of 66 and a standard deviation of 3. What is the probability that a sample of 90 students will have a mean score of at least 66.3162?
Research indicates emotional intelligence:
Name the author and title for this quotation: Yes, the mother said, he told me he had asked you to come if he got killed.  You didn't expect that, I suppose when you sent him. . . . I tried to leave him free   Yes, that letter of yours, that came back with his other things, left him free. . . . When you sent him you didn't expect he would get killed. . . . No, girls don t; women don t, when they give their men up to their country.  They think they ll come marching back, somehow, just as gay as they went, or if it s an empty sleeve, or even an empty pantaloon, it s all the more glory, and they re so much the prouder of them, poor things!
The theory of anti-structure
Describe the 3 typical means of transmission for Strongyloides spp.
According to the National Institute of Mental Health, the treatment for ADHD that shows the most effective immediate results is
Which of the following equations represents GDP for a closed economy?
Of the following, which tends to happen as interest rates increase?
Match each definition with the correct term below.
Which of the following represents a function of magnesium?
Given the histogram in Question 27, what is your best guess for the mean?  The answer has a wide tolerance for correctness, so simply submit a reasonable guess.
4G networks use which standards?
Tensional forces normally cause which one of the following?
Match the definition / description with its respective term.
Which is an equivalent code to data = ["trial1", "trial2", "trial3", "trial4"]?
Common commercial benefits of microorganisms include synthesis of
