Consider the following events involved with muscle contraction.  If these events were put in the proper sequence, which would occur third?  Ca++ binds to troponin. ACh binds to receptors. Myosin heads form crossbridge Ca++ is released to sarcoplasm. filaments slide past each other
(35 points) J.C. Penney Company, Inc. ("J.C. Penney," "JCP," or the "Company") is a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business in Plano, Texas.  J.C. Penney engages in the business of selling merchandise to consumers through approximately 865 department stores in the United States and Puerto Rico and online through its website. Plaintiff Juan C. Rojas has been a stockholder of J.C. Penney continuously since at least July 2010. The defendants consist of fourteen current or former members of the Company's board of directors.  Like most retailers, J.C. Penney offers sales and promotions to market merchandise. An important concept is "reference pricing." The price at which a product actually has been sold is known as the "reference price." That price provides a point of reference--or a baseline--from which to determine the percentage or amount of a discount when a retailer has a sale. To use a simple example, if the price at which a retailer actually sold a particular dress is $100 and the retailer put that dress on sale for $40, the reference price would be $100 and the percentage of the discount would be 60%. Rojas alleges that J.C. Penney began utilizing "false reference pricing" in 2011. False reference pricing occurs when the "original price" for a product identified in an advertisement is higher than the price the product actually sold for, which makes the discount appear bigger and "plays on the psychology of the consumer's desire to strike a good bargain." Using the dress example, if a retailer were to mark up the price of the dress to $120 (even though the retailer previously sold the dress for only $100) and then put that dress on sale for $40, the percentage of the discount using a false reference price would be about 67%. In January 2012, J.C. Penney's then-new CEO Ron Johnson admitted "that JCP had been engaging in illegal, false reference pricing, disclosing that for years the Company has been slowly increasing prices, that JCP's purported regular retail prices had 'no integrity,' and that almost every single item sold by JCP was at a discounted rate." Johnson further stated "during a call with investors that fewer than 1 in 500 units were ever sold at the advertised 'regular price.' " In February 2012, J.C. Penney adopted a new strategy, called "Fair and Square Every Day" pricing, under which J.C. Penney "offered its products at everyday low pricing" and did not offer sales or discounts on products.  When Johnson left the Company for failing to "radically overhaul the department store chain," J.C. Penney returned to using false reference pricing.  In 2012, Cynthia Spann, a J.C. Penney customer (not stockholder), filed an action against J.C. Penney on behalf of a class of California consumers (the "Spann action"). The complaint asserted that J.C Penney had engaged in false reference pricing in violation of California consumer protection statutes. In July 2014, J.C. Penney adopted the "Policy for Former Price Comparison Advertising" (the "2014 Pricing Policy"), which provided rules to avoid false reference pricing. The 2014 Pricing Policy established as a general rule that: The former price to which JCPenney refers in its price comparison advertising must be "the actual bona fide price" at which the article was "openly and actively offered for sale, for a reasonably substantial period of time, in the recent, regular course of business, honestly and in good faith.  On November 10, 2015, the parties in the Spann action entered into a Settlement Agreement. The next day, J.C. Penney issued a press release announcing the settlement, in which it stated that "[t]he settlement agreement also contemplates that JCPenney will implement and/or continue certain improvements to its price comparison advertising policies and practices, including periodic monitoring and training programs designed to ensure compliance with California's advertising laws."  In the Settlement Agreement, J.C. Penney agreed to pay $50 million for the benefit of a state-wide class of California consumers, with the amount for claimants (after the payment of attorneys' fees and related costs) to be payable in cash or store credits. J.C. Penney also agreed that as of the date of the settlement it was not violating, and would not violate in the future, federal or California law, including California price-comparison advertising laws. On October 19, 2018, Rojas filed a complaint with the Delaware Chancery Court asserting two stockholder derivative claims. Count I asserts that each of the individual director defendants breached his or her fiduciary duties by failing to engage in oversight with respect to the Company's compliance with California's consumer protection laws. Count II asserts that each of the six defendants who currently serve breached his or her fiduciary duties because he or she "consciously failed to monitor their information and reporting systems for compliance relating to the Company's product pricing."  On December 18, 2018, the director defendants moved to dismiss the complaint solely under Delaware Court of Chancery Rule 23.1. Please address the following:   A.        Discuss the fiduciary duty at issue here, assuming the case is not dismissed under Rule 23.1. B.        Explain how Rule 23.1 operates, including who has the burden of proof under such rule and the applicable test that the court will utilize in determining whether to grant or deny the motion to dismiss.
A coil of wire, induced with current, wrapped around a magnetic material such as iron is a(n)
When checking a client's chart, the student nurse notes a history of "allergic to morphine sulfate." While checking the medication orders for this client, the student nurse notes orders for: Morphine sulfate 5 mg sc q 3-4h prn for severe pain and Darvocet-N 1 tab q 4h prn for moderate pain. What action should the student nurse take?
Balance the reaction equation below using lowest whole numbers.   What is the coefficient in front of HBo?   ____ Nr2Bo6 + ____ HNO3 a ____ Nr(NO3)3 + ____  HBo
Eighty percent of people with panic disorder report that the disorder:
Lily Company must install $3 million of new machinery in its production plant. It can obtain a bank loan for 100% of the required amount. Alternatively, it can arrange for a lease financing plan. Assume that the following facts apply: The equipment will be depreciated as follows:   Year                Depreciation                 1                    750,000                         2                    750,000                         3                    500,000   4                    400,000                            Estimated maintenance expenses are $55,000 per year. Payable at the end of each year. Lily's federal-plus-state tax rate is 25%. If the money is borrowed, the bank loan will be at a rate of 9%, amortized in 4 equal installments to be paid at the end of each year. The tentative lease terms call for end-of-year payments of $775,000 per year for 4 years, which includes maintenance expenses. The equipment has an estimated salvage value of $900,000, which is the expected market value after 4 years, at which time Lily plans to replace the equipment regardless of whether the firm leases or purchases it.    a. What is Lily's PV of Owning? b. What is Lily's PV of Leasing? c. Should Lily Lease or Buy (Provide the numerical advantage)?
Which of the following is used to calculate TLC?
Give the full name for the following compound: TiO2
Without tight junctions in certain tissues
DNA is arranged in a __________, and is also folded into ___________.
Which position is used for examination and treatment of the anterior surface of the body?
Profilers have found that murders committed early in the morning rarely involve
For the following, provide a brief BUT COMPLETE answer. 1 point each
Solve the equation,  16x+2=1+2x-4{"version":"1.1","math":"frac{16}{x+2} = 1 + frac{2}{x-4}"}
Benny arrives for his counseling appointment, and you desire to get information from him efficiently, so you decide to use the "4 Question Method" of gathering information.  Which of the following is NOT one of the questions which you will ask Benny?
The 1972-74 Watergate scandal involved
Marshall's cerebellum was damaged in a car accident. Marshal is likely to have problems with
How did the larger Sikh community respond to the 1899 publication by the Arya Samaj of Sikhs Are Hindus?
In the typical seven year old child, what succedaneous teeth would be present?
