Employers with health or disability plans must cover pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions like other conditions are covered.
Which of the following transcription factors specifically recruit pluripotent stem cells (muscle progenitor cells) to the muscle cell lineage?
Source 1: "At the end of the First World War, the League of Nations had been designed to implement the principle of 'collective security.' This was the principle that, wherever an act of 'aggression' occurred, the whole international community would combine to defend the victim of that aggression. In so doing, the League would defend not only the particular country concerned, but peace itself. . . . In theory this system should have been foolproof. If the principle had been fully implemented, no nation would have ever taken action to breach the peace because doing so would have united against it the combined forces of the rest of the world. Japan would not have invaded Manchuria. Italy would not have invaded Ethiopia. Nazi Germany would not have invaded Czechoslovakia or Poland. The fact that these things did nonetheless happen suggests that there was something wrong with the theory. What this was was clear: while nations would readily accept the abstract theory of 'collective security,' they were not usually willing, in concrete situations, to undergo the strenuous sacrifices involved in going to war to fulfill it." Evan Luard, historian, "The Lessons of the League," introduction to a history of the United Nations, published 1982     Source 2: "The founders of the UN created a system which theoretically prohibited states from using force unilaterally other than in self-defense. Instead, the system aimed to centralize the use of force under the control of the UN's Security Council. Under the UN Charter, the Security Council was to act in cases of breaches of peace and acts of aggression. It could take measures such as political and economic sanctions or measures involving the use of force. The Security Council was to have its own standing army and a Military Staff Committee. . . . However, the Charter's collective security scheme did not operate as planned. Not surprising, the prohibition on the use of force did not stop states from using force--there have been over 100 major conflicts since 1945. Especially during the Cold War, the veto (or the threat of veto) by the five Permanent Members--the USA, the Soviet Union, Great Britain, France, and China--obstructed the Council's ability to act. A standing UN army that could maintain or restore international peace was never established. Nevertheless, the UN system proved sufficiently flexible to allow the Security Council to take action in ways not expressly provided for in the Charter. The UN created the institution of peacekeeping, even though there was no express basis for it in the Charter. UN peacekeeping operations were to be conducted with the consent of the host state, to be impartial in nature, and were not to involve the use of force by the peacekeepers, except in self-defense. Despite these limitations and the ongoing problem of securing adequate resources, peacekeeping has been a relatively effective way of containing some international conflicts." Christine Gray, international relations expert, "The Charter Limitations on the Use of Force: Theory and Practice," scholarly article, 2008            Which of the following is a similarity between the two historical interpretations above?
Use the following after-tax cash flows for project A and B to answer the next question:  (Numbers in parentheses are negative cash flows)These two projects are independent.Year     Cash Flow of A Cash Flow of B0          ($2,400)             ($4,500)1            $999                    $8002            $950                    $9503          ( $150)                   $9504            $910                    $8005            $990                    $9006          ( $500)                  $1980 What is the approximate IRR of project A if the required rate of return is 10%?
You are writing a feature story about Harvey Mitchell, an historical figure of Bryan-College Station. Even though he's been dead a long time you find his personal journal and use it as a primary source. Give two examples of secondary sources you might use for the story (3 points each).
The amount by which government expenditures exceed revenues during a particular year is the:
The 3 A's stand for attention, approval, and attunement.
When an antibody binds to its specific antigen a(n) ________ is formed.
April shoots an arrow upward into the air at a speed of 64 feet per second from a platform that is 30 feet high. The height of the arrow is given by the function h(t) = -16t2 + 64t + 30{"version":"1.1","math":"h(t) = -16t2 + 64t + 30"} where t is the time is seconds.  What is the maximum height of the arrow?   Please enter "see handwritten work" for the answer on D2L.
What does Gwendolen most admire about Ernest?
Which statement is false concerning haptens.
Which of the following is TRUE about the "Nueces Strip," an area of land between the Rio Grande River and the Nueces River?
Yesterday at 3 p.m., John _____ on the new design project while Amy met with clients.
Midterm -   EGR/CSC1054 100 points total - You must complete this without talking or chatting or emailing or asking for help from other people. You may use any other resource you would like. Remember to turn in your work on canvas at the end of the lab time. You can assume you will get "valid" input in all parts of the program. Part I:  Create program that keeps track of a list of first names. Start the list with "Josue", "Leslie", "Brenden", "Leslie", and "Steven". Loop over a menu and implement the functionality of the following options.  You should be able to remove a name (only remove one copy of the name). Print out the number of letters in each name and the names.    See below for a sample run and examples of how each command works.    Sample output: What do you wish to do?1.Remove one copy of a name2.Print out the number of letters in a name3.quit >> 25 Josue6 Leslie7 Brenden6 Leslie6 StevenWhat do you wish to do?1.Remove one copy of a name2.Print out the number of letters in a name3.quit >> 1What name would you like to remove? >> StevenWhat do you wish to do?1.Remove one copy of a name2.Print out the number of letters in a name3.quit>> 25 Josue6 Leslie7 Brenden6 LeslieWhat do you wish to do?1.Remove one copy of a name2.Print out the number of letters in a name3.quit >> 1What name would you like to remove? >> LeslieWhat do you wish to do?1.Remove one copy of a name2.Print out the number of letters in a name3.quit >> 25 Josue7 Brenden6 LeslieWhat do you wish to do?1.Remove one copy of a name2.Print out the number of letters in a name3.quit >> 3 Part 2: Part 2 uses this Moon class and the later client class. You may not modify moon or duplicate variables that already exist in Moon. You may not modify the client class. public class Moon{   private String name;   private boolean isGas;   private double diameter;   public Moon(String name, boolean isGas, double diameter)   {      this.name = name;      this.isGas = isGas;      this.diameter = diameter;   }      public String getName()   {      return name;   }   public boolean getIfGas()   {      return isGas;   }   public double getDiameter()   {      return diameter;   }}    Create a Planet class, which extends Moon Moon has the following methods: (see the use of each of these methods in the client and output).  Planet has a population amount. Planet should have an equals method which returns true if all the parts of each Planet/Moon are the same and false otherwise. Planet should have a method that determines if the population is endangered (a population is endangered if less than 500). Planet should have a toString method that prints out the following:  If gas:  is a ball of Gas with  people. If not gas: is a normal planet with a population of  people and a diameter of .      *In between the , please have the correct value for the particular instance.  Planet can have any accessors and mutators that it needs.    Client: public class PlanetClient{   public static void main(String[] args)   {      Planet earth = new Planet("Earth",false,5.5,499);      Planet psyclo = new Planet("Psychlo",true,100,0);      Moon phobia = new Planet("Phobia",false,5,0);            Planet mars = new Planet("Mars",true,100,10000);            if(earth.isPopulationEndangered())      {         System.out.println(""Humans," said Terl, "are an endangered species".");      }      if(mars.isPopulationEndangered())      {         System.out.println(""Martians," said Terl, "are an endangered species".");      }      System.out.println("Population of Psychlo is:" + psyclo.getPopulation());            System.out.println(earth);      System.out.println(psyclo);      System.out.println(phobia);            Planet earth2 = new Planet("Earth2",false,5.5,499);      System.out.println(earth.equals(earth2));            Planet psyclo2 = new Planet("Psychlo",true,100,1);      System.out.println(psyclo.equals(psyclo2));            Planet earth3 = new Planet("Earth",false,5.5,499);      System.out.println(earth.equals(earth3));            earth.setPopulation(1000);      System.out.println(earth);         }} output: "Humans," said Terl, "are an endangered species."Population of Psychlo is:0Earth is a normal planet with a population of 499 people and a diameter of 5.5Psychlo is a ball of Gas with 0 peoplePhobia is a normal planet with a population of 0 people and a diameter of 5.0falsefalsetrueEarth is a normal planet with a population of 1000 people and a diameter of 5.5     Part 3: Create a program to read in from a file called "midfile.txt". The file contains a whole number (let's call this number N) followed by N whole numbers. Determine if the numbers are sorted in an ascending order (smallest to biggest). Print out whether it is in order or not in order. Example file: 51 2 3 4 1   Output: Not in order
Which codon listed below will "match" with a tRNA whose anticodon is UAA?
Define: (2 pts each)   A.  Idiopathic     B. Bolus feeding
Please complete a room scan.  Please show all areas surrounding your workspace.  I understand that failure to do a room scan will result in loss of points.
Any abnormal number of chromosomes is termed:
Double fertilization means that angiosperms
The American Revolution was significant for all of the following reasons except....
