Original passageI get my first glimpse of Stonehenge while mired in a five-mile traffic jam. It's just after midnight, a few hours before sunrise on summer solstice, the longest day of the year. From my car, I can see the familiar stones bathed in an eerie blue light that gives the venerable monument the feel of an empty film setthough it won't be empty for long. I'm one of 30,000 people hoping to see the sun rise over the stones. We've been stuck for hours on the A303, a highway that, infamously, runs just a few hundred yards from Stonehenge. At 2 in the morning, I pull into a parking lot reserved for solstice celebrants about a mile from the site. Security guards make sure I'm not carrying immoderate amounts of alcohol, and I walk the rest of the way with an exuberant crowd of new agers, students, and local residentsany one of whom could be a pagan.Eric A. Powell, "Solstice at the Stones," Archaeology Sept./Oct. 2003: 36. PARAPHRASE:  Powell relates his experience driving on a summer solstice to see the sun rise over Stonehenge. From where he is stuck in traffic on highway A303 at midnight, Stonehenge looks empty. However, 30,000 people will soon be there. It is 2 a.m. before he gets to the parking lot. Guards check to verify that he doesn't have too much alcohol, and he walks with the other celebrants the mile to the famous monument (36). I have heard that Stonehenge was closed to visitors for years, but, as Powell tells us, it is open once again to the public. I hope to go there on a summer solstice someday to share with others what must be a supremely mystical encounter.
Why don't all Texans live under a city government?
A product that requires no new behaviors be learned by consumers is a
42. In recording the monthly adjusting entry for accrued wages at the end of the accounting period, the amount of the adjustment would usually be determined by:
What is the range of values computed by the hash function h(key) = key mod 100?
A pencil has a length of 160 millimeters. The same pencil would be __________kilometers in length.
Equations (Chap 4) For Questions 5-6:
Which of the following statements about the gut microbiota accurately describe aspects of its development throughout the life of your future patients and may impact your clinical decisions?
Early business sustainability efforts looked beyond their own operations and focused on the external aspects of conservation and environmental regulation.
Who has the most significant risk of developing prostate cancer?
Which of the following protects the pulp by providing thermal insulation?
Special Olympics is a
Assigning purchasing, receiving, and paying for merchandise to one department or individual is a way to streamline a voucher system.
Abraham Lincoln's Reconstruction Plan (The Ten-Percent Plan), did all the following except...
Using the information given, write TWO sentences:  1) where the following people are going (ir + place) 2) what they are going to do there. (IR + A + Infinitive) Tu/el cine
In Christian theology, with some specifics, why MUST evil be a 'privation of the good'?
What does ssDNA stand for?
Identify the group of bones labeled #8
The most common type of inventory shrinkage is:
What is the effector and response for the reflex being tested here?
