Kristen has an individual medical expense policy with a $1,000 calendar-year deductible, a $5,000 annual out-of-pocket limit, and a 20 percent coinsurance requirement. Kristen was hospitalized for a surgical procedure in March, her first health care treatment received during the year. The total bill was $20,000. Considering the deductible and coinsurance, how much of this amount must Kristen pay?
What is the classification of Barium Sulfate as a contrast media?
List and discuss three similarities between The Flood spoken about in the Epic of Gilgamesh and The Flood recorded in the Book of Genesis.   5+ sentences required!
Bonus Question (Worth 3 points) According to a survey by Transamerica Center for Health Studies, 15% of Americans still have no health insurance even after passage of the Affordable Care Act (www.cbsnews.com, September 24, 2014).  Suppose seven Americans are randomly selected.   What is the probability that more than expected number of Americans would not have health insurance?   Type your answer below.  Show all work on your answer sheet.  Correct answers without work shown will not receive  credit.
Oxygen is released as a by-product of photosynthesis. It comes from
You are beginning an anesthetic procedure with a naive machine (no inhalant introduced) that has a circle breathing circuit volume of 6 L with the oxygen flowmeter set to 2L/min and the Isoflurane vaporizer is then set to 1.5%. How long until the Isoflurane concentration in the circuit is 1.47% (~100% of 1.5%)? [__minutes]
What are pathogens?
58. Which of the following statements about sleep in healthy, young adult humans who are sleeping on a normal daily schedule of about 8 hours a night is correct?
Which of the following might be on a check list prepared well before an exam?
A market shortage occurs in a market when the quantity supplied at a given price exceeds the quantity demanded.
Nana Evans just moved in with her daughter and grandchildren. Nana now has a safe place to live with people that will make sure she takes her medicine and keeps her doctor's appointments. And Nana's daughter now has a competent live-in babysitter and a patient homework helper. This is an example of:
Object permanence refers to the child's awareness that:
One of the main goals in the _______ stage is to show that you're interested in making contact to demonstrate that you're a person worth talking to.
Identify this abbreviation: AKA
Which color vision phenotype is unique amongst mammals to Old World monkeys and Apes, including humans.
One of the earliest literary texts was the Sumerian poem called The Epic of Gilgamesh. What writing system was used to first record this epic poem?
A patient with a C2 level of injury will require a _______ to assist with breathing.
What are the five main sources of competition identified in the Potter Five Forces Model? (5pts)
The equation a buyer applies to assess a product's value is
Octavia, Jerome, and Randall all submit their own proposed contracts for a particular situation.   Octavia submits a 2-page contract that briefly explains who the parties are, the primary responsibilities of each party, and important deadlines. Jerome submits a 7-page proposed contract that addresses more than Octavia's proposal, but is still relatively simple and brief in terms of its language and individual provisions. Randall submits a 20-page proposed contract that, in addition to the information discussed by Octavia and Jerome, addresses specific allocations of liability and a series of other "what if" scenarios. Assume that each person (Octavia, Jerome, and Randall) has drafted a proposed contract most representative of his/her country's approach to contract formation, with one of the three being from Japan, one being from the United Kingdom (Britain), and one being from the United States. What national origin is most likely for each student?
