An example of a conditional question a negotiator might ask is:
A scientist made a salt buffer (Phosphate buffered saline in water) with a pH of 9. However, the scientist needs a buffer with a pH of 7.4;  otherwise, the eukaryotic cells in culture will die. What should the researcher use to adjust the buffer pH to 7.4?  Hint: Scientist does not want to add large volumes or add additional atoms/molecules to the buffer? Hint 2: Saline is another name for 0.9% Sodium Chloride solution. Hint 3: What makes a strong acid or base versus a weak acid or base??
A collection of webpages
Which of the following established the most culturally diverse fighting force in the United States in the     1900s
Palustrine ecosystem that presently comprises about 10% of Florida (formerly much more).
The figures below show the relationship between entities 'products' and 'orderdetails'.   Relationship between entities 'products' and 'orderdetails' is an identifying relation, as the primary key (or part of the primary key) in entity 'orderdetails' is also a primary key (or part of) in entity 'products'. Here, 'orderdetails' is a child table to the table 'products'.   Please refer to the relation/table information below.
A client in the intensive care unit is combative and pulling at the endotracheal tube, which must remain in place. After applying soft hand restraints to protect the client's airway, which action should the nurse take next?
The ______________ perspective emphasizes the influence of biology on our behavior.  Focuses on hormones, the brain, and genes.
Combine the following sentences to create a compound sentence. Use an appropriate coordinating conjunction (FANBOYS). Do not use "AND" for this question. Punctuation counts of course!  The house was on fire. The family was forced to evacuate.
Cubists appreciated speed, dominance, virility, and vitality.
Why is it important to be objective in journalism?  What does it mean to be objective?  How does this impact democracy?
A researcher conducted a study with 5 participants over 4 years examining the development of HIV.  Use the table below to answer the question in bold. Question: What is the incidence rate (IR) for those who developed HIV over the course of this study?           Year 1   Year 2   Year 3   Year 4   Total     P1   -   +           1     P2   -   -   -   -   4     P3   -   -   +       2     P4   -   +           1     P5   -   -   -   +   3
Which British act served to strain British relations with the United States
What should a student do if his learning style and an instructor's style do not match?
Using the VSEPR model, predict the molecular geometry around the central atom in SO32-.
Which of the following is MOST sophisticated?
Identify the idea you have chosen to explain by number, then write your answer in the following blank. You must answer EIGHT, but can answer two extra for bonus points.  (7 of 8 required answers)
What defines normal behavior in any culture is determined by the culture itself, and what may be acceptable, or even admirable, in one may not be in another.
The link that tracks patient, person, or member activity within healthcare organizations and across patient care settings is known as:
A 75-kg male patient is receiving mechanical ventilation in SIMV mode and has the following ABGs and vent settings: Vent Settings: VC/SIMV/ Vt 500 mL/RR 16/PEEP +5/ FiO2 35%, the patient is not breathing spontaneously at this time. ABGs: pH 7.29 PaCO2 59 PaO2 75 HCO3 26Which of the following should the RT recommend to correct the ABG at this time?
