Hyperbaric oxygen therapy is indicated in which of the following clinical conditions?
The Social Security program was created during this president's administration:
Read the following passage and answer the three questions at the end. Kallmann syndrome is a condition characterized by delayed or absent puberty and an impaired sense of smell. This disorder is a form of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, which is a condition resulting from a lack of production of certain hormones that direct sexual development. These hormones are normally made in a part of the brain called the hypothalamus. At puberty, most affected individuals do not develop secondary sex characteristics, such as the growth of facial hair and deepening of the voice in males, the start of monthly periods (menstruation) and breast development in females, and a growth spurt in both sexes. Without treatment, most affected men and women are unable to have biological children (infertile). In Kallmann syndrome, the sense of smell is either diminished (hyposmia) or completely absent (anosmia). This feature distinguishes Kallmann syndrome from most other forms of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, which do not affect the sense of smell. Many people with Kallmann syndrome are not aware that they are unable to detect odors until the impairment is discovered through testing. Kallmann syndrome can have a wide variety of additional signs and symptoms. These include a failure of one kidney to develop (unilateral renal agenesis), abnormalities of bones in the fingers or toes, a cleft lip with or without an opening in the roof of the mouth (a cleft palate), abnormal eye movements, hearing loss, and abnormalities of tooth development. Some affected individuals have a feature called bimanual synkinesis, in which the movements of one hand are mirrored by the other hand. Bimanual synkinesis can make it difficult to do tasks that require the hands to move separately, such as playing a musical instrument.   Causes Changes in more than 20 genes have been associated with Kallmann syndrome. Among the most common causes of the condition are mutations in the ANOS1, CHD7, FGF8, FGFR1, PROK2, or PROKR2 gene. In some cases, affected individuals have mutations in more than one of these genes. Additionally, researchers have identified mutations in other genes that may contribute to the development and features of Kallmann syndrome, but are unlikely to cause the disease on their own. The genes associated with Kallmann syndrome play roles in the development of certain areas of the brain before birth. Although some of their specific functions are unclear, these genes appear to be involved in the formation and movement (migration) of a group of nerve cells that are specialized to process the sense of smell (olfactory neurons). These nerve cells originate in the developing nose and then migrate together to a structure in the front of the brain called the olfactory bulb, which is critical for the perception of odors. Studies suggest that the genes associated with Kallmann syndrome are also involved in the migration of neurons that produce a hormone called gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). Like olfactory neurons, GnRH-producing neurons migrate from the developing nose to the front of the brain. GnRH controls the production of several hormones that direct sexual development before birth and during puberty. These hormones are important for the normal function of the ovaries in women and testes in men. Studies suggest that mutations in genes associated with Kallmann syndrome disrupt the migration of olfactory nerve cells and GnRH-producing nerve cells in the developing brain. If olfactory nerve cells do not extend to the olfactory bulb, a person's sense of smell will be impaired or absent. Misplacement of GnRH-producing neurons in the brain prevents the production of other sex hormones, which interferes with normal sexual development and causes the characteristic features of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. It is unclear how gene mutations lead to the other signs and symptoms that can occur in Kallmann syndrome. Because the features of this condition vary among individuals, additional genetic and environmental factors likely contribute to this disease. Together, mutations in known genes account for about 30 percent of all cases of Kallmann syndrome. In cases without a mutation in one of the identified genes, the cause of the condition is unknown. Researchers are looking for additional genetic changes that can cause this disorder. Inheritance Pattern When Kallmann syndrome is caused by ANOS1 gene mutations, the condition has an X-linked recessive pattern of inheritance. The ANOS1 gene is located on the X chromosome, which is one of the two sex chromosomes. In males (who have only one X chromosome), one altered copy of the gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the condition. In females (who have two X chromosomes), a mutation would have to be present in both copies of the gene to cause the disorder. No females with two ANOS1 gene mutations have been reported in the medical literature. A characteristic of X-linked inheritance is that fathers cannot pass X-linked traits to their sons. Most of the time, people with Kallmann syndrome resulting from an ANOS1 gene mutation inherit the mutation from their mothers, who carry a single altered copy of the gene in each cell (and generally do not have any signs or symptoms of the condition). Other people have Kallmann syndrome as a result of a new mutation in the ANOS1 gene. When Kallmann syndrome results from mutations in other genes, it often has an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance, which means one copy of an altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. In some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from an affected mother or father. Other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. In several families, Kallmann syndrome has shown an autosomal recessive pattern of inheritance. Autosomal recessive inheritance means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. The parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.   A) What are the potential signs of Kallman Syndrome? B) Individuals with Kallman Syndrome due to an ANOS1 allele would most likely be what gender(s)?  Why? C) While twenty genes are associated with 30% of Kallman Syndrome occurrences, recent work suggests that only two (2) additional genes are responsible for the other 70% of occurrences. Propose a specific role of these 2 particular genes...what do you think their gene products do such that they are more frequently associated with this phenotype?
One of the first stages of pre-copulatory behavior is searching for a sexual partner. What are the four primary sensory signals a male uses to search for and initiate reproductive behavior in the female (4 pts)?
To determine the reversibility of asthma you would perform:
Review: L'hypothese  REMEMBER: IF+IMPARFAIT+CONDITIONNAL =  CONDITIONNAL+IF+IMPARFAIT   1. Si les pneus etaient uses, je [rep1] (verifier) leur pression. 2. Tu prendrais mon numero si tu [rep2] (avoir) un stylo. 3. Si nous ne [rep3] (fermer) pas le weekend, vous pourriez reprendre votre voiture samedi. 4. Si je ne pouvais pas finir, la secretaire vous [rep4] (appeler). 5. Si vous trouviez un portefeuille, vous le [rep5] (donner) a la police. 6. Si elle avait le temps, elle [rep6] (etre) plus disponible.
An insight about a topic communicated in a literary work
A sample of n=25 scores has a mean of M=12. if one score with a value of X=12 is removed from the sample, what will happen to the sample mean?
Firms pursuing a global standardization strategy must cope with a higher level of _____, and this raises their costs of control.
The crossed-extensor reflex is important when: a. someone taps on your patellar tendon.b. a bright light shines in your eyes.c. you overextend your leg during the long jump.d. you step barefoot on a sharp object.
A photon detected following a photoelectric interaction is most likely to be
Which of the following is not a dimension of data?
Antihistamines block the release or action of histamine and can be helpful with many respiratory tract conditions.  This drug class can be separated into two categories known as:
Grace whistles while tickling Khaleel with a feather. Eventually, Khaleel starts to squirm and giggle every time Grace whistles, even when he is not being tickled. In this example, squirming and giggling is a(n) ________.
Compensation professionals use _________ to systematically recognize differences in the relative worth among a set of jobs and establish pay differentials accordingly.
Vignette #1 Robert and Chris have been at a local bar near their dormitory for 1 hour. Chris has had three beers already and Robert tells him to slow down because too much alcohol can cause death. Chris says this is not true since you just go to sleep when you drink too much. Chris also says that since he is allowed two drinks a day on average, he decided to save them up for the weekend. Robert is beginning to suspect that Chris might have a drinking problem. Let's see if you know more than Chris does concerning alcohol by answering these questions. How many drinks does Chris need to drink during the evening to constitute a "binge"?
The __________ is responsible for ensuring that all buildings in a city meet the city development plan and zoning ordinances.
16. Which of the following is the 1st enzyme used in DNA Replication (that untwists the DNA double helix)?
Which of the following is the combining form for sound?
Name the author and title for this quotation:   "We romped until the pans / Slid from the kitchen shelf; / My mother's countenance / Could not unfrown itself. // The hand that held my wrist / Was battered on one knuckle; / At every step you missed / My right ear scraped a buckle. // You beat time on my head / With a palm caked hard by dirt,"
