Calculate the pH of the solution when 0.035 moles of OH- have been added to a 2.0 L containing equal amounts of 0.10 M acetic acid and 0.10 M sodium acetate. (pKa of acetic acid is 4.76)
Which of the following items would have the most price elasticity?
Label the products of the reaction represented by the following equation with: (s) or (aq). MgCl2 (aq) +  2 KOH(aq)   -   Mg(OH)2 (?)  + 2 KCl (?)   Use the solubility table give below.
Complete the main method below so that it reads in a file named FileIn.txt (assume this exists in the same directory where you are running your program). The method should output each line to another file named FileOut.txt that postfixes each ODD line with ", line X", where X is the line number (starting with 1). Look closely at the example output for more clarification. Notice that ALL lines are still printed to the output file. import java.io.*;import java.util.Scanner;public class FileIO {  public static void main(String[] args) { /* Your implementation here */ }} Example input and output files:     FileIn.txt   FileOut.txt     Here is  some texteven more   Here, line 1issome text, line 3even more       Make sure to select the 'Preformatted' style from the dropdown so your code is formatted clearly.  DO NOT USE THE TAB KEY WHEN WRITING CODE AS YOU MAY ACCIDENTALLY SUBMIT YOUR EXAM. USE THE SPACE BAR INSTEAD.
Utilize the following prompt to draft a 3-5 paragraph essay (300-350 words MINUMUM): In "Closing the Achievement Means Transformation," Colgren and Sappington cite Howard (2010) who writes that "Culturally responsive pedagogy assumes that if teachers are able to make connections between the cultural knowledge, beliefs, and practices that students bring from home, and the content and pedagogy that they use in their classrooms, the academic performance and overall schooling experiences of learners from culturally diverse groups will improve." How does Karen Redfield employ a "culturally responsive pedagogy" with respect to her Native American students? Also, show how the Neighborhood Academic Initiative (NAI), an educational intervention program that serves primarily low-income urban minority youths in 7th through 12th grade, indeed views "students' families and neighborhoods . . . as critical agents for creating the conditions for [educational] success." Discuss how BOTH the NAI program AND parents from the Mayo and Siraj study (i.e., parents in the group of 20 families whose children were "succeeding academically above prediction") develop the "embodied academic capital" and "habitus" that is critical for success in college. Finally, discuss YOUR perspective on how parental involvement in their child's/student's education and early "head start" programs can develop the knowledge and drive for young students to achieve academically.
What is the justification required to make an arrest?
Macroeconomic policies that promote supply expansion will expand the level of output in the aggregate product market and cause the general price level to decline.
Which of the following is an example of an object that is accelerating?
Emily, one of the coders at Memorial Hospital, has refused to attend any meetinngs on the CAC project, and when the other coders bring up the topic she quickly changes the subject saying it will never happen. Emily demonstrates what step in the grief process?
Which part of the body is never included in any type of therapeutic massage treatment?
The nurse is caring for a group of patients. Which patient is at highest risk for hypovolemia?
The complex resulting from complement activity that leads to cell lysis is the ---------------
_______ is caused by blockage of the cystic duct or damage to the gallbladder wall which may require the surgical removal of the gallbladder.
Ewes and goats typically breed in the [answer1], have a gestation length of [answer2], and lamb or kid in the [answer3]. The offspring are often weaned [answer4] after birth.
What is the mean arterial pressure (MAP) of a person who has a blood pressure of 160/100 mm Hg?
You agree to pay $1,000,000 to Malcolm for him to build your dream home.  Malcolm completes $980,000 of the contract, but he hasn't installed the front or back doors or the toilets.  He decides to quit work at that point because he wants to go to Las Vegas.  However, he wants to be paid at least the $980,000 he has spent on your house.  A court would call Malcolm's performance inferior and not make you pay him anything.
Fluid balance is evaluated by assessing the patient's input and output. A positive fluid balance means that
In what way, exactly, is Pascal's Wager guilty of a False Dichotomy?
*The most abundant extracellular cation is:
(Dr. Banda) Which are the typical clinical characteristics of foot and mouth disease in cattle?
