Name this Lobe:
Given a vector, write a program to find and display the second largest even number present in the vector. Note that numbers can repeat themselves in the vector.  For example, in the vector [97 4 88 43 2 57 97 88 5 2 4 2], the program should display 4 as it is the largest even number after 88.  Note: You cannot use unique(), mean(), mode(), median() commands. Using these commands will result in a zero on the question vec = input('Enter the vector: ');
Once you have completed the exam and clicked the Submit Quiz button below, be sure to submit your exam to the Final Exam Submission assignment. Your exam must be submitted within 10 minutes of the time that you have completed this exam. You should not use your phone until after you have shown all pages to the webcam. But then, you can use your phone app to create the PDF for the submission while still being recorded. Stay in view of the camera the entire time and do not write anything additional at this point. Then when ready, you should be able to exit Honorlock and simply go to the submission assignment to upload your work.
What is the part of the eye labeled A in the picture above?
The singular of appendices is appendix.
The golden age of antibiotics began in 1928 with Sir Alexander Fleming's discovery of an antibacterial compound he called what?
What was the federal government's first attempt to regulate the railroads?
Chapter 18   Which of the following is cycled through time?
A preliminary examination of a witness or potential juror by a judge or counsel in an attempt to determine competency of the individual is known as:
What molecule is required for proper production of prothrombin?
A diamond shaped loop of wire is pulled at constant velocity through a region where there is no magnetic field on the right into a region where the the magnetic field is directed into the screen on the left, with the boundary noted by the vertical dashed line in the figure.  As the loop moves from right to left, which graph best represents the induced current in the loop as a function of time? Let clockwise current be positive and counterclockwise current be negative.
Which does not kill any characters in this play?
21.  Change the fraction    into a mixed number. A)     B)      C)      D)      E)
Which of the following muscles is active (splits ATP) during normal exhalation?
What is defined as the transmission directional change that occurs as sound crosses a boundary between 2 mediums with different propagation speeds?
(BONUS: 1 point) What, according to Ajume Wingo, are the two forms of power? (Name and define them). To which does "the shade of power" refer?
The client is going home after day surgery for a hydrocele.  What information should the nurse be sure to teach this client?
A home located in a flood area will be required by the lender to obtain
Muckraking journalists exposed corruption and abuses in the oil, meatpacking, and patent medicine industries.
Which of the following are correct?
