3.1.3.    Bepaal die ware peiling van trig. baken 31 tot trig. baken 188.   (1)
The degree to which a pathogen can cause a disease is called Virulence.
Choose one of the following two topics and  write a 1000 word essay (minimum) that uses the three sources that were given and is further informed by your own research on the matter.  Write clear, mature prose. Avoid chatty, informal diction: avoid the redundant use of "I" or "you" phrases; avoid the use of hollow superlatives like "very" or "really very," etc. This essay should not become a confession of feelings but should be an objective report on research, with some evaluation of the consequences of the history you  describe. You must make intelligent reference to, and integrate responses to, the sources  provided earlier, but you will add your own research. Demonstrate on camera (hold the sheet up, briefly show both sides) your one page of notes you have brought to the exam.  Do not mention Wikipedia as a source for this essay!  Mention the three sources previously provided, and at least two more that you had made notes on.  Mention them briefly by name as you refer to them, but you do not have to create MLA citations unless you choose to.  Write as though this were an article for a reasonable, mature news source.   Keep the diction precise and professional.   1. What was "The Motion Picture Production Code"? This code, originally called "The Hays Code" was a set of guidelines that governed (with allegedly moral standards) the content of films from 1930-1968. Your job is to research the history of "The Motion Picture Production Code" (especially the Hays Code version) and note how and why it came to be, and how it affected American movies, starting in 1934, the first year of its real enforcement. What was possible for filmmakers to depict before the codes? How did the codes change the content of movies? Especially discuss the beginning and end of the "code" period, discussing why and how it came to an end in the 1960s.   2. The Yom Kippur War, the Energy Crisis of 1973-74 After years of threats, in the fall of 1973, Egypt and its allies invaded Israel. The Arab- Israeli war led quickly to the Arab oil producing countries, or "OPEC," placing an embargo on oil exports to the USA, as the USA was the principle ally of Israel. Gasoline prices in the US reached three-to-four times their previous all-time highs within the year. The economic and cultural shock waves were severe; the US went into its worst economic recession since the 1930s. How did this crisis happen? What were its long-term consequences? You are responsible for describing, in some detail, the course of the war, and the energy crisis in America that followed.
What is the purpose of differential staining (e.g. gram staining)?
Helen tells her nephew, Bernard, that she will pay him $100 if he will stop smoking for six months. Helen was hopeful that if Bernard stopped smoking for six months, he would stop altogether.  Bernard stops smoking for six months and then resumes his smoking.  Helen will not pay him.  She says that the type of promise she made cannot constitute a binding contract and that, furthermore, it was at least implied that he would stop smoking for good.          Can Bernard legally collect $100 from Helen?
Locate and identify #75 on the map.
The layer of the epidermis that is found only in thick skin is stratum
The addition word that signals the third parenting style is:
In a chemical reaction, the sum of the bond dissociation energies of the reactant bonds is 679 kJ and the sum of the bond dissociation energies of the product bonds is 864 kJ. This reaction is a
For the following questions, answer the following in terms of how the USA's balance of payments is affected: A = (+) impact on the current account B = (-) impact on the current account C = (+) impact on the capital account D = (-) impact on the capital account The Ruiz family lives in Nicaragua. Each month they receive $200 that is sent to them from their son who is an accounting working in California.
1.6   The cost to produce 20 milk tarts is R480,00. A profit of 60% is added. Calculate the selling price of one milk tart.   (2)
Which of the following lists a correct order in which inhaled air sequentially moves through the structures of the respiratory passageway?
The model of urban growth that views the city as a series of somewhat circular zones occurring outward from its center is called the ________.
Escuchar Read these questions and listen to what the waiter is saying about the menu. Then, choose the correct option. ?Que recomienda el camarero?
The person in charge of a web site is called a
The husband in "Cathedral" says at the end, "It's really something."  To what is he referring?   In what might he have come to believe in?   Is it important?  Why or why not?  Explain.
The source of the clear watery fluid in the anterior chamber comes from the ________.
What physical concept allows us to determine the location of an interface by measuring the elapsed time between the transmitted pulsed u/s wave and the detected echo from that interface?
Put the following steps of PCR in the correct order, starting when they are first placed into the Thermalcycler.
The purchase of Louisiana from France fit Jefferson's vision of an America made of mostly
