William the Conqueror led an invasion that
Which of the following would cause vasodilation at a very metabolically active site?
Express the number in decimal notation.8.186 x 10-5
Plant 7: Notes: Rounded to Kidney-shaped aromatic leaves. Usually (not always) have dark maroon banding.   Plant 7 Genus:
The probability of a confidence interval for a population mean containing the true value of the population mean is quantified by the
Which of the following is the best definition of the default network?
Independent of whether an organism is an endotherm or ectoderm, the least reliable indicator of an animal's metabolic rate is the amount of
How many molecules of water are released during the polymerization of a 20 monomer-long cellulose molecule?
You use the internal rate of return to evaluate project A, which has a 14.5% IRR, and project B, which has a 16% IRR.  The required rate of return is 17% and the projects are mutually exclusive.  What do you do?
Which of the following patients would most likely benefit from repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)?
A freeze following a rain leaves a child's slide with an essentially frictionless  coating of ice.   Someone then places a 7.9 kg block  at the top of the slide and releases it.  If the top of the slide is 3.3 m above the ground and the bottom of the slide is 20 cm above the ground, how fast would the block be moving at the end of the slide?
On December 1, 2019, Eva Corporation, a mortgage bank, has the following amounts on its balance sheet before securitization (in millions): Assets Cash                            10 Mortgage receivables 58 Investments                 27 Other assets                 13 Total                           108 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Notes payable             50 Common stocks          11 Retained earnings       47 Total                           108 Assume net income in the income statement is $5.4 million. Also on December 2, 2019, Eva transfers mortgage receivables with a book value of $20,000,000 to a securitization entity (SE). The average interest rate on the mortgages is 7%. Under the terms of the agreement, the SE is legally separate from Eva. After the transfer, Eva. securitizes the mortgages and sells them to investors. Because the securities are considered to be less risky than the original mortgages, the investors are willing to receive a lower rate of return and consequently remit $20,750,000 to the SE. The SE then transfers the $20,750,000 to Eva Corporation. Eva does not direct the activities of the SE and will not participate in any of the SE's gains or losses.   Answer the following questions:  Dollar values round to ones, e.g. $1000; ROAs round to ones with percentage, such as 7%; liability-to-equity ratios round to two decimals, such as 1.85. 1. If the securitization is treated as sales of note receivables, total assets after the securitization are $ [blank1] thousand, total liabilities are $ [blank2] thousand, ROA is [blank3]%, liability-to-equity ratio is [blank4].  2. If the securitization is treated as collateralized borrowing, total assets after the securitization are $ [blank5] thousand, total liabilities are $ [blank6] thousand, ROA is [blank7]%, liability-to-equity ratio is [blank8].  3. Comparing the second scenario (using notes receivables for collateralized borrowing), the first (sale of notes receivables) has [blank9] (choose between better or worse)  profitability and has [blank10] (choose between higher or lower) credit risk.
Development economics must have a scope wider than traditional economics because
True or False: In Erikson's Eight Developmental Stages, trust vs mistrust deals with developing a sense of trust through physical comfort and minimal fear.
Consider the function  given below. Calculate the derivative of  for the
Mickey-mousing is
Which of the following is not a regulator of cardiac contractility?
A recessive allele on the X chromosome is responsible for red-green color blindness in humans. A woman with normal vision whose father is color blind marries a color-blind male. What is the probability that this couple's first son will be color blind?
check Excel
A 39-year-old female with HIV has been characterized as a typical progressor by her care team, and is experiencing an increase in her manifestations and complaints as her CD4+ count declines. Which health problem would her care team most likely attribute to a cause other than her HIV?
