(20 points) Develop an E-R model to organize the following data of a database for a new startup cooking website. The database stores information about the members and the cooking lessons on the website.  The startup wants to collect the following data.  MemberID, MemberName, MemberAddress, MemberEmail, LessonID, LessonName, LessonDescription, Date, Satisfaction Note that a member can take unlimited number of lessons on the website, but not all members will take lessons. A lesson can be stored in the database if there is no enrollment. There is no limit to the number of members can attend a lesson.  Use the attributes given and the assumptions given to create the E-R model with appropriate cardinalities.
You give a drug intravenously that you think is a selective beta 1 receptor agonist to a patient. Which of the following effect would you expect to observe?
Publishing false information about another's product is conversion.
A patient who is NPO:
Name the 3 germ layers. [germ1] [germ2] [germ3] Nervous tissue originates from which layer?  [germ4] Bone, blood and muscle originate from which layer?  [germ5]
Of the proteins associated with chromatin, which of the following represents the LARGEST component (in amount)?
Find the derivative of y=eex{"version":"1.1","math":"y = e^{e^x}"}
A ___ is used to transfer heat from one substance to another without allowing the materials to mix.
What is the name of structure "A" in the below image?
Three states choose to collaborate on an initiative. They create a task force with 11 members, using Hamilton's apportionment method. The following year, the populations have changed and tax force seats are reassigned. Populations before and after the increase are shown below.     Is this an example of the population paradox? Why or why not?
Julie is interviewing for an administrative assistant position.  As part of the interview process, she completes a typing test on a computer and types an astounding 150 words per minute with 0 errors.  The supervisor immediately offers her the job with the comment " her typing ability is incredible.  She is going to be the perfect administrative assistant for our firm". This scenario is an example of:
The nurse is evaluating a client's musculoskeletal system. Which approach should be used to determine joint mobility?
Nystagmus is defined as:
Referring to the textbook Exhibit 2.7 The World Automobile Industry: Strategic Groups, which strategic group consists of firms high in product pricing/quality and average in their product-line breadth?
These organisms survive in refrigeration, have optimal growth temperatures near room temperature, and are sometimes associated with food poisoning?
I can use any browser when taking a proctored quiz.
Determine the truth value of the compound statement.  Annual per capita spending in dollars:Per capita spending on vacations was higher in 2010 than it was in 2000 or per capita spending on dining out was less in 2010 than it was in 2000.
The term _____ refers to an organization of components that define and regulate the collection, storage, management and use of data within a database environment.
Based on the following ECG waveform, the nurse recognizes that the patient is experiencing which dysrhthmia?
If  kip and  kip, the vertical displacement of end A of the high-strength precast concrete column is _____ [in] Answer must be in inches, precise to three significant digits.
