Write a program that computes an average of values stored in an array of double values called data. Assume the array is already declared, created, and filled with values. Declare any temporary variables as needed. Print the average value to the screen.
Simplify (9 + i)(-4 - 3i)
A 2-year-old child admitted with severe croup has just been extubated after 2 days with an oral endoctracheal tube.  The child is given oxygen and aerosolized water through a heated large volume nebulizer.  Thirty minues later, mild inspiratory stridor is heard over the child's throat area.  What should be done first?
Which of the following types of cells are NOT found in the epidermis?
Which of the following skin layers does NOT contain blood vessels?
A man gets into an accident with a lady. He, being at fault, tells her he'll give her some money to settle the damage caused to her and her property. Upon hearing this offer, she tells him, "I'm going to sue unless you agree to give me $10,000!" He agrees to give her $10,000 for damages. Upon reflecting on the matter, and prior to paying her anything, he contacts her and says, "You cannot threaten me with a lawsuit. You forced me to agree to give you $10,000 under duress and so that agreement is invalid." Do the parties have a valid, legally binding contract?
When French geographer Jean Gottmann conceived of his notion of the North American population concentration on the East Coast in 1961, Virginia's I-95/I-64 corridor from Fredericksburg to Hampton Roads was already part of it.
What is the luster ? Streak = reddish-brown Hardness = 1.5-6
4.  Parts arrive to a system consisting of two workstations according to a Poisson process with a mean arrival rate of 120 per day.  The parts are first processed through WS I and then through WS II.  After WS II, 90% of the parts are deemed good and 10% are deemed bad and discarded.  The first workstation has one single-server machine that has a processing time described by a triangular distribution with parameters 6, 8, and 13 minutes.  The second workstation has two single-server machines operating in parallel with a single queue feeding both machines.  Both machines in WS II have exponential processing times with one machine having an mean processing time of 8 minutes and the other machine with a mean processing time of 24 minutes.  a.  What is the average utilization of WS I? [util1] b.  What is the average utilization of WS II? [util2] c.  What is the average hourly throughput rate of good parts? [th]
In the inverted pyramid, you have the least important information in the beginning of your story and the most important information at the end. This is to give your readers incentive to read the entire article.
2.2   Give a short description of the artwork in the image above.   (4)
Lysogenic viruses come in 2 varieties, either double stranded DNA viruses or retroviruses, which are RNA viruses. A. How are lysogenic viruses different from lytic viruses and (4 points); B. how is it possible for retroviruses (a type of RNA virus) to be lysogenic (4 points)?
Genes whose expression is turned on in response to a substance in the environment are known as
For the patient described below, select the MOST appropriate drug for their management.   A 54-year-old woman with a history of type 2 diabetes and hypertension. Her QRISK2 score is 12.3% and recent blood results are:  Total cholesterol = 5.8 mmol/L (
Both deductive reasoning (starts with generalized principles and logically extends them...) and inductive reasoning (comes from analyzing measured evidence...) are important to science, but which of the following illustrates a problem with deductive reasoning?
This 19th century senator from Massachusetts is widely considered to be the greatest orator in the history of the Senate
INSTRUCTIONS             1.   This question paper consists of TWO sections and covers the content of Term 1.     2.   ALL the sections are COMPULSORY.      3.   Read the instructions at each question and take note of what is expected from you.     4.   Correctly number the answers according to the numbering system used in this question paper.     5.   Answer ALL the questions in FULL SENTENCES, except where other instructions have been given.     6.   The mark allocation and the nature of the question should determine the length and insight of your answers.           QUESTION   SECTION   MARKS   TIME     1   A:   Multiple choice questions, choose the correct word, correcting false statements.   50   30 minutes     2     3     4   B:   Longer questions   50   30 minutes             TOTAL   100   60 minutes
The plant life cycle pictured above is for the phylum:
When an individual alters his or her beliefs, attitudes, or behavior to bring him or her in line with others, this is called:
A mutant E. coli strain is found that synthesizes the three enzymes  whether or not lactose (or allolactose) is present. What mutations can independently lead to this outcome?   The lac operon is shown here as a guide.
