Problem 1 (15 points): You are considering buying stocks for $75.  Based on claims, there is a 18% chance that the stock's worth will increase, a 54% chance that it will stay the same, and a 28% chance it will decrease.  If the stock increases, you will be able to sell the stocks for $90, if it stays the same, you will be able to sell them for $75, and if the stock market decreases, you will be able to sell them for $70.  a. (6 pts) Find the probability distribution representing your profit if you buy and resell the stocks. b. (6 pts) Calculate the expected value of your profit if you buy and sell back the stocks. Should you buy these stocks?  In a sentence, explain why or why not? c. (3 pts) If you bought 35 of these stocks, how much money would you expect to make/lose?
INSTRUCTIONS         1.   Read the instructions carefully.         2.   Check if you have to answer in French or in English.         3.    We expect you to spend around 20 minutes on the Reading part (Questions 1 and 2), 10 minutes on the Grammar (Question 3) and 20 minutes on the Writing part (Question 4).         4.   When completing the Writing Section of the assessment, take some time to proof-read your work and check your spelling, verb endings, articles and agreement of adjectives (masculine, feminine, singular, plural?). This should take around 5 minutes.         5.   Leave 5 minutes at the end to check that you have answered all questions and to upload / submit your work.         6.   You may not ask for help from anyone nor may you look at your notes or use any translation website or software.
Reference: Ref 12-18 Table: Total Cost and Output (Table: Total Cost and Output) Use Table: Total Cost and Output, which describes Sergei's total costs for his perfectly competitive all-natural ice cream firm. If the market price of a tub of ice cream is $67.50, how much is Sergei's profit at the profit-maximizing output?
As a result of the French and Indian War, Britain believed the __________ should play an increasing part in paying off the national debt.
Begin by graphing the absolute value function   Then use transformations of this graph to graph the given function:
What is the most common form of Niemann-Pick disease?
An 80-year-old male returned to his physician's office to review the findings of the tests that were performed in the past week. The patient had been in his physician's office a week ago complaining of severe unrelenting ear pain, a temporal headache, purulent discharge from his ears, dysphagia, and hoarseness. These conditions were still present. The physical exam again demonstrated marked tenderness in the soft tissue between the mandible ramus and the mastoid tip. The tympanic membrane was intact in both ears. The physician reviewed the results of the chemistry tests, cultures, and bone scan that showed possible osteomyelitis of the mandible. The patient had type 2 diabetes, and it was always poorly controlled. The patient was informed that he had malignant externa otitis of the right ear and uncontrolled type 2 diabetes with hyperglycemia. The management of his condition was proposed to be meticulous glucose control and aural toilet with systemic and ototopic antimicrobial medications. The patient was given a follow-up appointment in three weeks with a repeat bone scan to be performed prior to that visit. Principal diagnosis: [dx1]Secondary diagnoses: [dx2]Assign MS-DRG: [msdrg1]
The sodium-potassium ion exchange pump
Surgical treatment of which anatomical area might result in a postoperative complication of malocclusion?
Pure tone thresholds can always predict word recognition score
Patient is a 58 year old male with a diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease.  His current medication includes Seligiline and Sinemet CR.  Physical therapy has been ordered to improve the patient's balance.  Mild rigidity is noted throughout all extremities and trunk, with bilateral resting tremors noted in his hands.  His current functional abilities place him at Stage III on the Hoehn and Yahr Classification of Disability.  He demonstrates bradykinesia and a shuffling gait.  Which nutrient can interfere with the effectiveness of L-dopa (Sinemet)?
How many moles of chlorine are contained in 12.3 mol of PCl5?
Label the following characteristic as: N or P or K (Nitrogen or Phosphorus or Potassium). This is pertaining to their characteristics of plant nutrient deficiency symptoms.  Mottled or chlorotic leaves with large or small spots of dead tissue. Plants perhaps not particularly stunted; stalks may be slender; leaves especially older ones, scorched and dying at tip and outer margins.
A bacterium has the following characteristics:[?] It adheres to the human intestinal lining using a feature that protects it from phagocytes, bacteriophages, and dehydration[?] It can survive being boiled[?] It contains no plasmids and relatively little peptidoglycanWhich of the following characteristics allows this bacterium to adhere to the intestinal lining?
Research suggests that, in general, vertically integrating is ________ than not vertically integrating.
Which one of the following stocks represents industries with below-average sensitivity to the state of the economy?
The figure shows two unequal point charges, q and Q, of same sign. Charge Q has greater magnitude than charge q. In which of the regions X, Y, Z will there be a point at which the net electric field due to these two charges is zero?
What is the correct sequence of events in viral reproduction?
The initial volume of a gas cylinder is 750.0 mL. If the pressure of a gas inside the cylinder changes from 840.0 mm Hg to 360.0 mm Hg, what is the final volume the gas occupies?
There is no cure for viral STDs.
