If average lead time demand is 50 with a standard deviation of 10, What is the customer service level if a reorder point of 60 is used? Round to nearest whole number and enter in percentage terms with no punctuation. So, for example, for 90% enter 90.
The minimum sterilizing conditions in a steam autoclave are
In 1964, the Republicans nominated conservative senator Barry Goldwater oppose Johnson.  Goldwater had frightened many Americans by suggesting that he might use nuclear weapons on Cuba and North Vietnam. Johnson's campaign capitalized on this fear. It produced a chilling television commercial in which
A balanced equation has equal number of _____.
Suppose we know from previous polling that the proportion of students that prefer online classes  is between 0.15 and 0.35. If we decide to conduct another poll, how many people would we have to survey to ensure our margin of error was at most 0.025 for a two-sided 95% confidence interval?
In a case of acute hemorrhage, it can take up to 12 hours for the total protein and packed cell volume to decrease.
The TBI regimen is used to destroy the patient's bone marrow and tumor cells.
People with a physiological dependence on a substance, such as an addictive drug, will experience
At what point do the axons of the dorsal column-medial lemniscal pathway cross to the opposite side of the CNS? Choose the correct option.
Total laryngectomy post op patients are admitted to the intensive care unit with a tracheostomy connected to a mechanical ventilation. Which of the following safety alert recommendations should a nurse have at the bedside in anticipation of a dislodgement of the tracheostomy tube? (Select two.)
What complications would you expect to see in a patient with cirrhosis of the liver? (Select all that apply)
What is the result if these friends take no action to incorporate, but Kate uses the additional capital made available by her friends to expand the business and then the four of them share the profits? Will all four be personally liable for the debts and obligations of the business?
ELO 12.08 You buy a new piece of equipment for $7,360, and you receive a cash inflow of $1,000 per year for 10 years. What is the internal rate of return?
The following 5 questions are exact questions previously asked as lecture quizzes (2 points each).
A 76 yo female with hx DM and HTN is admitted to CCU with SOB and 5 lb weight gain.  BP 168/90, HR 60, RR 24 and SaO2 90%.  She has rales on exam and JVD.  What would be the most appropriate drug therapy for patient?
The respiratory burst produces reactive oxygen species during which of the following processes:
The distance between the two hydrogen atoms in a molecule of water is 0.000000000172 m. Express this distance in scientific notation.
A patient admitted with pulmonary edema vitals are,  HR 115, RR 22, BP 140/90, SpO2 90% on 2 LPM. CXR is good quality and patient is midline patchy infiltrates like a bat's wing or butterfly, cardiomegaly. Auscultation course and moderate crackles heard bilaterally. Here are the abg results 7.33/59/58/22/89% what would you recommend at this time?
Jose's parents set clear and strict rules in the home and have high expectations for him to follow these rules. If Jose thinks a rule seems unfair, he also feels that he can discuss it with his parents and, even if they don't agree to change the rule, they at least listen to his opinions and are sympathetic to his suggestions. Jose's parents fit best into which of the following parenting styles?
When people decide whether or not to get a flu vaccination, they ignore the ________ and as a result ________.
