QUESTION 10 A box beam is simply supported over a 20-ft span. The beam carries its self-weight, superimposed (additional) dead of 1.25 k/ft, and live load of 4.5 k/ft. Both 1.25 k/ft and 4.5 k/ft are not factored. Concrete compressive strength is 5,000 psi. The beam is reinforced with 5 No. 8 Grade 60 longitudinal bars and Grade 60 No. 4 U-shaped stirrups. The shear envelope is as shown below.      Note: The actual dimensions of stirrup are shown, but the calculations are the same as what we've done throughout the class by showing the stirrups as lines. Per ACI 318-19, the maximum design shear force is
Price variances and efficiency variances can be key to the performance measurement within a company. In evaluating the performance within a company, a materials efficiency variance can be caused by all of the following except the
Which diene and dienophile would react to give the following Diels-Alder product?
What phylum does this belong to?
Simone and her husband have sex about once a month, though this is more frequently than Simone wishes. She never attempts to initiate sex with her husband, and she reports that sex does not cause her much pleasure. Simone says that this is partly because she can't seem to achieve adequate lubrication to make it enjoyable. Simone's symptoms are most consistent with which of the following disorders?
25.  Name the "extra-pyramidal" system pathway originating in the mesencephalon that sends subconscious motor commands to control reflex responses to loud noises & bright lights? a.   vestibulo-spinal tractb.    tecto-spinal tractc.    reticulo-spinal tractd.    cortico-bulbar tracte.    cortico-thalamic tract
Choose the correct answer to fill in the blank.   Voy __________ para estudiar con mis amigos.
Amino acids are linked into proteins by removing:
On the microscope additional lighting can be adjusted by using the
In an essay of no less than three hundred and fifty words, answer the following question: Taking into consideration the entire spectrum of human affairs, what was the greatest challenge that faced the United States between 1865 and 1914? Why do you think this was more challenging than other important issues of the day?
The going-in capitalization rate can vary significantly by property quality. Which of the following classes of properties within a particular property type would be expected to have the lowest cap rates?
Immediately upon entering the indicated structure, which of the following substances are found?
The patient has come to the office to receive a RhoGAM shot, she questions the nurse why she needs to get it. The nurse's response would be?
Which of the following groups of animals does not display the bilaterally symmetrical character?
Possoms are diurnal, or busy during the day.
Many divorced single parents run into problems with:
_____________________ was organized by Helena Norberg-Hodge in 1978.
The classification of spectral types orders them from the Hottest to the Coldest stars in the universe. What is the order of stellar surface temperatures using this scale?
Which of the following surgical instruments is required for the repair of a nasal fracture?
INSTRUCTIONS:      1.   The answers you provide for this SBA task must be your own. No copying from any source is allowed.     2.   This question paper consists of 6 questions with sub-questions.     3.   READ the questions carefully and only answer what is expected of you.      4.   Number your answers correctly for file upload or text box questions according to the numbering system used in this question paper. If not, this may cause you to lose marks as each question number must correspond to a specific answer.     5.   Where asked, clearly show ALL calculations.
