A sheet of metal with a length of 1.5 m and width of 2 m is placed on the surface of a wooden table. A 0.0015 m thick dielectric cotton tablecloth with a permittivity of 4.8x10-11 C2/Nm2 is laid on top of the metal sheet and another identical metal plate is placed on the first piece of metal. Each plate is hooked up to opposite terminals of a 12 V car battery.    a) What is the charge that develops on the capacitor plates? b) How much energy is stored by the capacitor? c) Calculate the strength of the electric field between the capacitor plates.   Suddenly a large punch bowl is spilled on the table soaking the tablecloth and changing the permittivity of the cloth to 7.7x10-10 C2/Nm2. Answer the following questions assuming the cloth is soaked as described. d)How much charge is on the plates now. e) Find the energy stored by the capacitor when the tablecloth is soaked. f)Now the metal plates are disconnected from the battery. If the cloth dries overnight returning the tablecloth to its original condition, then calculate the energy stored in the capacitor the next day. g)What is the new potential difference the next day?   part a) 2. Write the SI unit for capacitance.
When is subclavian steal syndrome asymptomatic?
A finding of undue influence would most likely not occur in a contract between:
List two of the four factors you must consider when setting prices.
Zimmerman Corporation uses a standard cost system for the production of its radios. The direct labor standard for each radio is 0.9 hours. The standard direct labor cost per hour is $7.20. During the month of August, Zimmerman's radio production used 6,600 direct labor-hours at a total direct labor cost of $48,708. This resulted in production of 6,900 radios for August. What is Zimmerman's labor rate variance for August?
A(n) ________ is an actual or imaginary individual or group conceived of having significant relevance upon an individual's evaluations, aspirations, or behavior.
Name the space labeled A. Ignore label B.
Name this bone highlighted in red:
Which internal control activity is followed when management authorizes the purchasing department to order goods and services for the company?
Which of the following agent models are likely not suitable to build an agent that plays a competitive game of chess against a human player. This agent does not take previous games into consideration when deciding on a move in the game. To answer this question, you must rule out agent models that will not perform this task well because of their limitations in how decisions are being made as well as agent models that are unnecessarily complex for this type of task. Carefully think about the limitations and capabilities of each agent model before answering this question.
DIRECTIONS: Choose the correct answer for each question. The Travels of Ibn Battuta [A] "I left Tangier, my birthplace, the 13th of June, 1325, with the intention of making the pilgrimage [to Mecca] ... to leave all my friends both female and male, to abandon my home as birds abandon their nests." So begins an old manuscript in a library in Paris - the travel journal of Ibn Battuta.[B] Almost two centuries before Columbus, this young Moroccan set off for Mecca, returning home three decades later. Ibn Battuta is now regarded as one of history's great travelers. Driven by curiosity, he journeyed to remote corners of the Islamic world, traveling three times as far as Marco Polo, through 44 modern countries. He is little celebrated in some parts of the world, yet his name is well known among Arabs. In his hometown of Tangier, a square, a hotel, a cafe, a ferry boat, and even a hamburger are named after him. [C] Prior to his adventures traveling the world, Ibn Battuta studied in Mecca for several years. However, the urge to travel soon took over. He traveled to India, seeking profitable employment with the Sultan of Delhi. On the way, he described his group being attacked in the open country by 80 foot soldiers and two horsemen: "we fought ... killing one of their horsemen and about twelve of the foot soldiers. ... I was hit by an arrow and my horse by another, but God in his grace preserved me."[D] In Delhi, the sultan gave him the position of judge, based on his studies at Mecca. But the sultan had an unpredictable character, and Ibn Battuta was soon looking for an opportunity to leave. When the sultan offered to finance a trip to China, Ibn Battuta agreed. He set off in three ships, but misfortune struck while he was still on shore. A sudden storm grounded and broke up two of the ships. Scattering treasure, the storm drowned many people and horses. As he watched, the third ship, with all his belongings and slaves, was carried out to sea and never heard from again.[E] After a lifetime of adventures, Ibn Battuta was finally ordered by the Sultan of Morocco to return home to share his wisdom with the world. Fortunately, he consented and wrote a book that has been translated into numerous languages, allowing people everywhere to read about his incredible journeys. What does the following sentence from paragraph D mean?"But the sultan had an unpredictable character, and Ibn Battuta was soon looking for an opportunity to leave."
Most Texans around the year 1890 expected Texas to expand into a great populous state by the mid-20th century.
The electron transport chain in cellular respiration contains four large protein complexes. These proteins
You and your partner are treating a 35-year-old woman who is complaining of severe pain in her joints and abdomen. The patient tells you that she went diving approximately 12 hours prior to the onset of complaint. Which of the following would be part of a correct course of treatment for this patient?
She never walks anywhere she is really lazy.
How many numbers are used in a binary digit system?
The following are characteristics of a water molecule.
This question is from the video "The Geopolitical Impact of the Nile River"  Please identify the White Nile River.
Alteration of Abdomen Subcutaneous Tissue and Fascia, Percutaneous Approach
In the early 1800s, the trinity of ideas promoting economic nationalism consisted of
