Trace a drop of blood from the left ventricle to the left knee. Use the following format to answer your question: Indicate left vs. right with L. or R. Indicate artery vs. vein with a. or v. (aa. or vv. as appropriate) Use "arrows" to indicate movement from one vessel to the next Example: L. renal v. --> inferior vena cava --> R. atrium
Find the area of the surface obtained by rotating the curve
The following questions refer to the following passages. Source 1 It cannot be denied that when the French nation proclaimed these sacred words, 'Men are born and remain free and equal in rights,' it did not break the chains of humankind. It is we who must put these words into action. The wealthy plantation owners of Saint-Domingue [Haiti], therefore, have everything to fear from the influence of our revolution on the current actions of their slaves. These principles overturn the system on which rests their fortunes. No one should be surprised, therefore, that these plantation owners have become the most ardent enemies of these principles. Yet the moment has arrived to change the social system of the colonies, to reintegrate it into humankind. It is in this greater action that the salvation of all parties, justice, and glory will be found. The free men of color demand justice, and they should be granted the same rights of citizenship as other Frenchmen. The colonists should no longer refuse them. The artisan slaves should also be called to freedom on the condition that each slave pays a one-time tax for freedom. The other Black slaves may enjoy a conditional liberty, namely that they remain on the land of their masters and work that land for a period ranging between 10 and 20 years depending on circumstances. Afterward, they may obtain the same full liberty as the artisan slaves. --Armand-Guy Kersaint, French nobleman and deputy in the National Legislative Assembly of France, address to the Assembly, Paris, 1792 Source 2 To bring the Blacks of Saint-Domingue back to their original condition of slavery is impossible: the writings of the philosophes have spread over the surface of the globe and neither superstition nor despotism can extinguish their ideas. Everything is headed toward general freedom, everything tells you that man will no longer be the slave of man. Tear off the fatal blindfold: the colony of Saint-Domingue will no longer be cultivated by the hands of slaves. But, some will object and say, 'The Blacks won't work anymore once they are free. White hands will never suffice to work the land under a burning sun; in short, the colony cannot survive without slavery.' I understand you, cold egoists, men without feeling! You need slaves, that is, men you can treat like beasts of burden; you need slaves, that is, victims. What law forces a man to give another man the entire fruit of his labor? This Black individual is free, because neither the nation nor the Supreme Being created slaves. He is your equal, because he is a man. He is a French citizen, because he serves the country, because he contributes to its splendor as much as you do, and because the French nation loves all its children equally. In exchange for his labor, the Black man will receive a salary proportional to his effort. --H. D. de Saint-Maurice, French journalist, newspaper article written following the destruction of the largest French city in Saint-Domingue, published in a French newspaper in Saint-Domingue, 1793 All of the following claims made by Saint-Maurice in Source 2 directly advocate for the abolition of slavery in Saint-Domingue EXCEPT
A 31yo female presents to the UF Health ED with shortness of breath.  She says that she first noticed it a few months ago, but today it is the worst it has ever been.  She reports a tightness in her chest.  Breathing room air, the following clinical data are obtained.  BP = 135/100 mm Hg, heart rate = 115/min, respiratory rate = 25/min, pH = 7.48, PaO2 = 115 mm Hg, PaCO2 = 25 mm Hg, HCO3- = 18 mEq/L, SpO2 = 99%, and Hb Conc = 8.8 g/dL.  Which of the following is the best next step in the clinical management of this patient?
Air that remains in conducting passages and doesn't participate in gas exchange is termed
6.  Most Reduction reactions in Microbial bioenergetics involve the:             A.  Removal of electrons and Hydrogen.             B.  Addition of oxygen and Hydrogen.             C.  Addition of Hydrogen and removal of electrons.             D.  Removal of electrons and addition of Hydrogen.             E.  Removal of oxygen and addition of Hydrogen
Which of the following aqueous solutions are expected to have nearly the same freezing point?   I. NaCl, 0.02 m II. NaBr, 0.01 m III. CaCl2, 0.02 m IV. HF, 0.04 m
What mode should be used to write to a file?
Pleural fluid is normally collected by the:
A nurse is caring for a male client with acute respiratory distress syndrome. Which of the following would the nurse expect to note in the client?
Which of the following statement is INCORRECT about muscle contraction?
Which is not true regarding potential bleach candidates?
J'ai apporte toutes les matieres. J'avais besoin de ces matieres pour apprendre la technique de << pointillisme. >>.
Find n(A) for the set.A = {500, 501, 502, ..., 5000}
On which topic(s) did Stephen Gould disagree with the Modern Synthesis?
Movement of water across membranes is facilitated by proteins called:
Which structure in the image below is a the sigmoid colon? Just input a letter nothing else.
The blood clotting drug (anticoagulant) called pradaxa or dabigatran works by directly inhibiting the enzyme thrombin. Which part of the coagulation cascade would this stop?
The nurse has completed diabetic teaching for a client who has been newly diagnosed with diabetes mellitus. Which statement by this client would indicate to the nurse that further teaching is needed?
The antifungal drug that is most often used to treat serious systemic fungal infections is:
