SECTION B: CONTEXTUAL QUESTIONS     QUESTION 2 : BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTS     Answer only TWO of the THREE questions. Number your work clearly and answer in bullet form.         Read the case study below and answer the questions that follow:         2.1   Busi is a young entrepreneur desperate to start her own business after school. Her wish is to run her own events company here in Kwa-Zulu Natal.         2.1.1   Name the environment where one would find the element of vision and mission and indicate the extent of control Busi would have on this environment.   (2)         Use the table when answering the above question.                 Environment   Extent of control                       2.1.2   Assist Busi in starting her new business by explaining what a vision and mission statement is.   (4)     2.1.3   Explain to Busi how important planning is in her new business venture.   (2)     2.1.4   Describe TWO characteristics of the formal sector to Busi.   (4)     2.1.5   Elaborate on how the demographic environment can help Busi understand her customers better.   (4)     2.1.6   Distinguish between Community-based Organisations and Non-governmental Organisations.    (4)         Use the table below to answer the above question.                 Community-based Organisations   Non-governmental Organisations                          TOTAL FOR QUESTION 2   [20]         OR
The degree of loss corresponding to a 91 to 110 dB loss is:
Generation Xers are the first generation that does not know how to cook.
You have discovered a bacterium called Calothian illia that does not have any enzymes that protect against free radicals or oxidative damage. It is probably a (an)_____________.
Debts owed by a business are called
All of the following situations reflect a possible conflict of interest except:
The Dickinson Company reported net income of $12,300 for the current year. Depreciation recorded on buildings and equipment amounted to $21,100 for the year. In addition, a building with an original cost of $220,000 and accumulated depreciation of $197,500 on the date of the sale, was sold for $18,600. The Company paid dividends of $14,000 during the year. Balances of the current asset and current liability accounts at the beginning and end of the year are as follows:  SHOW YOUR WORK     End of Year Beginning of Year   Cash                    $96,400                        $68,750   Accounts receivable                          28,100                          15,750   Inventories                          36,500                          32,600   Accounts payable                          42,450                          40,450           Prepare the statement of cash flows using the indirect method.  Remember, you should have an operating, investing and financing cash flow.
Death can result from staphylococcal Fill in the blank when the patient's blood pressure drops so low that the brain and other vital organs are deprived of oxygen
Address the emergence of American youth as a powerful force in United States history.
Which element below should not be placed inside the HEAD element?
What are the 4 main lipoproteins? List them in order of density (the order they settle using ultracentrifugation). Start with the least dense and end with the most dense. (E.6)
Primary key is a field (or group of fields) that uniquely identifies a given record in a table.
The study of the structure of individual cells is called?
An alert patient receiving SIMV at a rate of 8/min and VT of 600 ml has stable vital signs and satisfactory blood gases on an FIO2 of 0.45. What would you do to initiate weaning for this patient?
How many tertiary H's are present in the hydrocarbon shown below, ?
In medical terminology, MVA means:
What 3 things standout in your mind about pharmacology this semester? What will you take from this class as you move forward in the nursing program?
Which of the following is NOT one of the three basic control systems used so that landfills do not negatively impact the environment?
Which of the following statements are true regarding the graph provided. (select all that apply)
One of the stipulations of affirmative action is that an employer not impose an arbitrary rule on hiring based on his or her own predispositions. An example of this would be a Human Resource manager
