Pipes are a mechanism for Inter Process Communication. Pipes have a limitation that they cannot be accessed from outside the process that created it. What is an IPC mechanism that overcomes this limitation while offering similar functionality?
Which of the following statements about eligibility requirements for qualified Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) is (are) true?I.Only individuals who are eligible for Medicare benefits can establish a qualified HSA. II.Applicants must be covered by a high deductible health plan and not be covered by any other comprehensive health plan to establish a qualified HSA.
To keep your arm extended at the elbow against gravity while you're waving to your friend, the prime mover is:
A 6.1 kg block slides down a frictionless incline from a height of 2.8 m to a level frictionless plane at ground level.  It travels 1.9 m and hits a spring and compresses 47.4 cm over its rest position before momentarily stopping.  What is the stiffness of the spring K?
In eukaryotic transcription, the general transcription factor TFIIB recognizes and binds the ______________ in the promoter region of the DNA.
On question 1 part 2, what is the lowest standard deviation you can attain?
Paraphrase this sentence, that is, use your own words in Spanish to say what this sentence says. (You must use Spanish) Use this if you need: a, e, i, o, u, n  "El trabajo de Jose Urteaga es proteger las tortugas marinas de la extincion"
Which of the following is a single joint muscle?
You are an ad-hoc reviewer for a peer-reviewed psychology journal. This journal does not utilize blind review, meaning that you know who the authors are when you review submitted manuscripts that are assigned to you. About 6 months ago, you had reviewed a conceptual manuscript submitted by two young women (self-described in the article as a Black woman assistant professor and a Mexican American woman third year doctoral student) on the topic of mentoring students of color in graduate psychology training programs. In fact, you reviewed this manuscript twice: their original submission and a revised submission. Both times you evaluated their manuscript favorably. The first time you submitted a recommendation of "revise and resubmit" to the editor. The second time you recommended the journal editor "accept the manuscript following minor revisions." However, you were later informed that the authors had decided to withdraw their manuscript from consideration. You wondered if part of the reason was because the editor--a prominent senior White man in the field--had requested both times that the authors remove content and theory associated with "anti-oppressive education" practices despite those suggestions never being made by any of the three reviewers (you are copied on action letters from the editor, which is where you saw his recommendations). You were disappointed that the authors had withdrawn their manuscript, but you assumed they would submit their manuscript to a journal with a more supportive editor. Today, you received the most recent issue of this journal in the mail. You open up the journal and scan the Table of Contents, always interested to check out the final products of manuscripts that you have reviewed. To your surprise, you see an article listed on the topic of mentoring students of color, but not by the two authors of the original paper you reviewed. Instead, the sole author of the article is the journal editor! You turn to the article and start reading. The content sounds so familiar, at least for the first half of the paper. You open your electronic copy of the manuscript submission you previously reviewed and see that about 15% of the content of the published article is word-for-word the same as the manuscript you reviewed. Another ~20% of the content is very similar, but with minor wording changes and restructuring of flow. What is different between the two papers (besides the authors) is that the published article ends with a section on how to help students of color navigate discriminatory systems, whereas the original submission focused on how to dismantle those systems. You are stunned. You are also uneasy, because you recall that as a reviewer of this journal, you signed an agreement to destroy copies of manuscript submissions after you complete each review. You have taken the lax approach of erasing all digital copies once a year instead of immediately after you submit your reviews.    Using the current APA ethics code, what are the ethical principles and ethical standards in this situation? Consider these principles and standards both as they relate to the journal editor and to you. Be specific. Select an ethical decision-making model and discuss your response to this dilemma. You must detail all steps or components of your selected model, including the action(s) you ultimately take. Discuss dynamics of power and privilege at play in this situation (use literature to support your claims). How do you use these considerations to inform your response?
A 110-V hair dryer is rated at 1200 W. What current will it draw when operating from a 110-V electrical outlet?
The sport-specific form of achievement motivation is called
The general investment strategy based on a goal of acquiring existing, seasoned, relatively low-risk properties that are at least 80 percent leased to tenants with low credit risk, is:
Abscisic Acid (ABA) signals guard cell in stomates to close.
The term we use to refer to the ability to distinguish between two tiny and closely spaced objects as actually being separate objects, in a clear fine detailed image, within a microscope is ?
Take a moment to try contacting a LiveChat representative right now. On the real exam, you would contact them FIRST if you had a technical problem. If they cannot resolve it, you can email me at my GMAIL, but first give them your name, your instructor, your contact info, your instructor's SCHOOL email (NOT gmail). Please copy and paste the entire conversation you have with them, just in case I ask you for it.
While it is a standard rule of thumb to say information passes from DNA to RNA to protein, there are exceptions. What is the name of the enzyme that builds DNA out of RNA?
For the following questions, select either the single stage or two stages which would be appropriate.  You will not always be told which questions require two-stages, but sometimes you are given this information.  Also, not all options will be used!!!
If a post synaptic cell is stimulated to threshold by temporal summation this implies that ________.
Cannabinoids are a class of chemicals that include:
A woman with acute cystitis can expect which symptoms?
