BONUS QUESTION Osama Ahmadinejad applied for a job with Lane Enterprises, a Louisiana corporation located in West Monroe. Osama, who is 42 years old, is originally from Iran and moved to West Monroe in January of 2010. Osama speaks English well, but he has Irani accent and it is difficult to understand him. Osama applied for a job in customer service where he would deal with Lane Enterprises' customers, in person and on the phone. Job duties include assisting customers with computer software programs. Osama has a masters degree in computer programming from LSU.  He graduated with honors in 2014, and has worked in customer service for the past two years. Nathaniel Jones and Gwenneth Winslet also applied for the same vacant position. Nathaniel is a 39 year old white male from Dry Prong, Louisiana. He has his GED and has worked as a cashier at The Dollar Tree for the last three months.  Gwenneth is a 22 year old, recently married, pregnant female from London, England.  She has a degree in computer programming, but no experience.  She has never held any type of job, as she has always been a full-time student. Lane Enterprises has 120 employees and also has a policy that all employees must speak fluent English, since they will have to deal with many Louisiana customers regarding very technical and complicated computer support. Lara Lane, the president and CEO of Lane Enterprises, interviewed each applicant. Following the interviews, she hired Nathaniel Jones as the new customer service representative. Lara told Gwenneth she was not hired because she had no experience in customer relations, and she told Osama he was not hired because of the company policy regarding language. After the interviews, Lara called the vice-president of Lane Enterprises into her office to discuss each applicant. Lara told the VP that Gwenneth would be too busy being a newlywed and new mother to devote the appropriate amount of time to the job. Further, since Iran is trying to enrich uranium and build a nuclear bomb, there was no way she was hiring anyone from that country.  Unfortunately, the VP did not close the door when he entered Lara's office, and her assistant, Carl Carter, heard the entire discussion. Carl called Osama and Gwenneth and told them what he overheard. Both were very upset and may file complaints with the EEOC.   Please list each discrimination claim Osama Ahmadinejad and Gwenneth Winslet may be able to make against Lane Enterprises.  Who would you have hired and why?
While planning care for a patient with renal calculi, the nurse remembers the most important factor in renal calculus formation is:
Approximately what percentage of American adolescents has been the victim of dating violence? Who is more likely to be the victim of dating violence, boys or girls?
"Traveler's diarrhea," a common syndrome of gastroenteritis, is usually caused by
The disruptive process of culture change when a traditional native culture is taken over by a more powerful society is called
The structure of the kidney labelled # 25 is the __________.
The reaction that occurs between an amine and an acid is best illustrated by
How many astronauts were on the most recent flight to the International Space Station?
In organizations, a performance management system is implemented:
All social change results from thinking critically and striving to influence all areas in our society.
The human application of radioprotective agents would _____.
The importance of assessing calculus deposits on teeth during a comprehensive periodontal assessment is that:
To what does the term gulag refer?
An information product is a product for which
A physician whose patient does not appear to be responding to previously effective medication is most likely to order TDM to verify
Name and explain at least 3 of the 4 Recommendations of the Interagency Ocean Policy Task Force. (6)
When a person has control over punishments in an organization, they possess ______ power.
Using a process known as ____, network-based IDPSs look for attack patterns by comparing measured activity to known signatures in their knowledge base to determine whether or not an attack has occurred or may be under way.
U nstable dialysis patients should be reassessed by the interdisciplinary team at least ________.
Parathyroid hormone (PTH) functions to maintain serum calcium levels. How does this fulfill this function? (Select all that apply.)
