Write a function named underline that takes a file name as a parameter and that prints the text in the file with certain lines underlined. The lines to be underlined all begin with a period and contain other data. The period should not be printed. You should print the text that follows the period on a line by itself followed by a line of dashes equal in length to the text that follows the period. If a line contains only a single period, print a blank line. For example, consider the following input:  .Statement of Purpose I didn't expect to major in computer science until I took cse142. I liked it more than I expected and that got me hooked on cs. . .High School Performance I got very good grades in high school, graduating in the top 10% of my class. . .College Performance I have done well in my college classes, with an overall gpa of 3.5. If the text above is stored in a file called input.txt and we make this call:  underline("input.txt"); the function should print the following output:  Statement of Purpose -------------------- I didn't expect to major in computer science until I took cse142. I liked it more than I expected and that got me hooked on cs. High School Performance ----------------------- I got very good grades in high school, graduating in the top 10% of my class. College Performance ------------------- I have done well in my college classes, with an overall gpa of 3.5. Notice that all lines that contain only . are replaced with blank lines and all lines that start with . and have other content as well are underlined and have the . removed.
12. K+ leak channels are found in the plasma membrane. These channels open and close in an unregulated, random fashion. What do they accomplish in a resting cell?a. They set the K+ concentration gradient to zero.b. They set the membrane potential to zero.c. They disrupt the resting membrane potential.d. They keep the electrochemical gradient for K+ at zero.
Motivation refers to an individual's general arousal to action.
Communication and culture should be studied separately.
A doctor diagnosis a child with adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) a disorder in which there is an accumulation of long fatty acid chains accumulating in the cells of the central nervous system. The issues arise with malfunctions in enzymes associated with which organelle?
The Jefferson fracture
Following a pulmonary embolism diagnosis, you heard your patient mention that they are planning a vacation in a few months that includes a long plane ride and long bus tours through Europe. As the nurse, you know that this is a good opportunity to educate your patient about which of the following concepts?
Suppose that a close friend is telling you about a very emotional experience she has just had. You are paying such close attention to her that you fail to notice that some strangers have just entered the room. This incident is an example of:
The SFP concept also states that certain predictions bring about the conditions to make those predictions came true.
Microsoft sold more than 700 million licenses and upgrades of Windows 10 in the first 2 weeks after its Jan. 26, 2021, global launch. Marketing spanned 42 countries with TV, print, and online banner ads, outdoor posters, and branded entertainment. They used a ________ approach for the launch.
Atmospheric pressure is equal toA. 758 mm Hg.B. 760 mm Hg.C. 762 mm Hg.D. 104 mm Hg.
All Chordates have at some point during development.
The prevailing wind direction for Washington and Oregon above the surface is from the:
Not considering crossing over, a 2n=8 organism could produce how many different types of gametes with respect to maternal and paternal homologues?
Which radiation treatment technique could be used after breast-conserving surgery?  Brachytherapy only example: Mammosite Supine intact breast irradiation Prone intact breast irradiation Partial breast irradiation to the tumor bed cavity Chestwall tangents with a S/C and PAB field
The place a product occupies in consumers' minds on important attributes relative to competitive products is referred to as
The nurse is caring for a patient with a suspected bone tumor. Which serum laboratory result indicates to the nurse that this health problem is present?
Sketch the graph of the function  using any extrema, intercepts, symmetry, and asymptotes.
The texture of music in the classical era is predominantly
Which of the following would NOT be classified as a lymphoid organ?
