The Doug and Bob Corporation is calculating its WACC.  Its 100,000 bonds have a 5% coupon, paid semi-annually, a current maturity of 25 years, and sell for a quoted price of 93.  The firm's 90,000 shares of preferred stock (par $100) pays a 5.5% annual dividend and currently sells for $94.  Doug and Bob is a constant growth firm which just paid a dividend of $3.00 (D0), sells for $25.00 per share; it has 5,000,000 shares outstanding, and the common stock has an estimated growth rate of 6%.  The firm's beta is 2.1, and the firm's marginal tax rate is 20%.  The return on the market is 11% and the risk free rate is 4.5%. What is the weight of debt in Doug and Bob's capital structure (approximately)?
Which of the following generally is NOT in the introductory paragraph of a contract?
Which statement accurately describes the Ho Chi Minh Trail?
In the United States, the feminist movement centered on a single, national organization founded in 1966. That movement was known by its acronym:
After suffering a stroke, Mary finds that she cannot move her right arm. This would suggest that the stroke damage is in the area of the ________ lobe.
When scanning a pelvis during a CT procedure the scan should include through the:
Chemiosmosis depends on the generation of
Ms. Aguilera developed a contingency contract with the intention of helping her teenager to complete his chores. After a week he has only met the criterion twice. Of the following changes she could make, the one most likely to remedy this problem would be to
The medical term referring to the abnormal opening between the bladder and the vagina is:
Mop Corporation shows a total of $600,000 in its Common Stock account and $1,660,000 in its Paid-in Capital Excess account. The par value of Mop's common stock is $8. How many shares of Mop stock have been issued?
DNA polymerases cannot add deoxyribonucleotides the 5' end of a DNA strand.
One of the first steps in this managerial function is to perform an environmental scan of internal organization and external industry. This is which managerial function?
IgA
The carrying capacity of an environment is defined as (N-K)/K
Identify the bone in this feline skull:
Bonus Question: A bonus question has been provided for each exam, adding 6 points to your overall score (3 midterms that count toward final grade). Despite these extra points, sometimes a small number of students approach the professor after receiving their final exam score to ask for points they did not earn to "bump" their grade. To receive the final 2 bonus points, please select just one of the following answers - any one of which will cause the final 2 bonus points to be added to your overall score, bringing the total up to 8 points. If no response is logged for this question, the final 2 bonus points will not be added to your point total.  This does not mean that if there were legitimate problems with questions on this exam that students shouldn't inform the instructor and seek rectification. If a question on this exam was problematic, the instructor will evaluate this and make alterations as has been the case for the mid terms.
According to historians, advertising has existed since 3000 B.C.E., when wooden or stone signs were placed outside shops in ancient Babylon.
A neuron receives a stimulus.  Which of the following events happens next?
Which department within a biotechnology company is responsible for document control, and for the oversight of regulatory compliance?
Graph.y = x2 + 2x - 4
