Read the lab description and answer questions 1-7 Jill was tasked with determining which brand of pen is most likely to attract a termite. She selected 5 brands of black ink pen, Bic, Precision V5, Sharpie, Papermate, Pilot, plus a pencil. Jill knows from previous experience that the termites are attracted to ink from a black Bic pen and are not attracted to lead from a pencil. To complete the experiment Jill drew a 5 cm diameter circle with each pen and placed a termite 0.5 cm from each circle. She then gave the termite 30 seconds to find the circle and travel around the circle. Jill defined positive results as a termite finding the circle within 30 seconds and then following the circle at least half way around. A negative result would be a termite that was unable to find the circle within 30 seconds or a termite that found the circle but followed it for less than half the circle. Jill tested five termites on each brand of pen for a total of thirty termites. The results of Jill's experiment are found in the table below.  Table 1: Number of termites that found the black 5 cm diameter circle within 30 seconds and then followed the circle for at least half the total distance.    Brand of pen Bic Precision V5 Sharpie Papermate Pilot Pencil   # of termites 5 1 0 2 5 1      What is Jill's dependent variable?
Fusion of the paramesonephric duct in females results in the formation of the  _______________  .
Which of the following is TRUE about electrophoresis and movement of charged molecules toward an electrode?
AFDELING B: Paragraaf skryf. Gebruik Bron C as 'n riglyn. Onthou die formaat van 'n paragraaf. Hou by die onderwerp. Spelling tel. Leestekens is belangrik.
According to cellular clock theory, after about 70 or 80 replications, the cell can no longer reproduce and the _____ are dramatically reduced.
All of the following move the hip joint, except
Why do men resist (personal or societal) gender-related changes?
When you are passing through a section of the road where there are kids, you must slow down because you never know when they might make a sudden move.
Consider the execution of an arbitrary flow-insensitive, context-insensitive, field-sensitive pointer analysis (as was presented in the pointer analysis lesson) on the following programs. For each program, select whether the pointer analysis can prove the assertion using a type-based or an allocation-site based heap abstraction. Assume the following class definition for type Node: class ANode { int data; BNode next; }class BNode { int data; ANode next; } Program: ANode v1 = new ANode();BNode v2 = new BNode();v1.next = v2;v2.next = v1;assert(v1.next != v2.next);  Can prove assertion with type-based heap abstraction? [p5type] Can prove assertion with allocation-site based heap abstraction? [p5alloc]
A 30-year-old woman has right-sided abdominal pain and is hypotensive. You suspect she may have a ruptured ectopic pregnancy. You recognize:
Conduct an a priori power analysis. Calculate the sample size per group for each version of the experiment listed below. Round to a whole number!    A. ANOVA Effect Size: 0.3 Alpha: 0.05 Groups: 6 Power: 0.80 Sample size (per group): [ss1] B. ANOVA Effect Size: 0.7 Alpha: 0.05 Groups: 5 Power: 0.80 Sample size (per group): [ss2] C. ANOVA Effect Size: 0.6 Alpha: 0.05 Groups: 3 Power: 0.80 Sample size (per group): [ss3]
8.1   Aspoestertjie hardloop vinnig na haar koets toe.  [antw1]          (0.5)     8.2   Wolf dans saam met Jakkals. [antw2]   (0.5)     8.3   Die reus krap sy groot neus. [antw3]            (0.5)     8.4   Die kabouter gesels met die kinders. [antw4]   (0.5)
Two days ago a woman gave birth to a full-term infant. Last night she awakened several times to urinate and noted that her gown and bedding were wet from profuse diaphoresis. Which physiologic alteration is the cause for the diaphoresis and diuresis that this client is experiencing?
Which of the following statements are true according to Don Norman (Chapter 2)? (Note: This question isn't asking whether the following ideas are correctly attributed to Norman rather than someone else; it's asking whether these are correct representations of things Norman said.)
Which of the following is involved in bringing about skeletal muscle relaxation?
Chromium deficiency is characterized by
This immunoglobulin is found in body secretions (saliva, tears, breast milk, colostrum, mucosal secretions), usually as a dimer in secretions, with 3 constant domains.
SECTION B Answer TWO the questions in this section and number your answers accordingly on a FOLIO Paper for upload.             QUESTION 2         2   Right-click on the button below to see Figure 1a  Right-click on the button below to see Extract 1a  Right-click on the button below to see Extract 2a              2.1   With reference to Figure 1 and Extract 1, explain why the price of potash increased between March 2010 and March 2012. Use a supply and demand diagram in your answer   (3)     2.2   Using the information provided and your own knowledge, assess the possible problems of fluctuating prices for producers of potash   (8)     2.3   Using the information provided and your own knowledge, discuss the case for allowing the potash mining project to go ahead in the North Yorkshire Moors National Park.   (14)         QUESTION 3         3.1   Explain the meaning of and whether there is a link   (i)            between externalities and public goods (ii)           between transfer payments and the poverty trap.   (12)     3.2   Consider whether the existence of externalities in production means that it is impossible to achieve an optimal allocation of resources.   (13)         QUESTION 4         4.1   A rise in wages and salaries will increase the costs of production, decrease profits, cause inflation and is detrimental.'   Discuss whether the economic theory of wage determination supports the view that an increase in the level of wage rates is detrimental for the firm and for the worker.   (25)         QUESTION 5         5.1   ''Choice'' is an essential part of economics. Sometimes consumers change their choices either when shops have special offers on previously very expensive luxury products, or when advertising persuades them to change their preferences.   Analyze how the economic theory of indifference curves can be used to construct a consumer's demand curve. Discuss whether this theory can explain the above changes in choice.   (25)         Total SECTION B   [50]
Find  if the mean of the data below is 17.
Marta states that "everyone is staring at my beetle brows" after her mother refuses to drive her to get her eyebrows waxed. Marta's belief is an example of what David Elkind calls the ______ of adolescence.
