What is the approximate velocity of an electron in the channel for a MOSFET with a 20nm channel length, 50mV of drain voltage, 5V on the gate, a threshold voltage of 0V, and mobility 500 cm2/(Vs))? note look at units carefully Velocity = mobility x electric field
42. A nurse is giving a targeted therapy, bevacizumab (Avastin), to a patient with Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC). Which of the following statements made by the nurse indicates the correct mechanism of action of the drug?
Economies with per capita incomes in the low to middle range that are in a transition toward developed status are referred to as emerging market economies.
Match nerves with appropriate function or identity
A gene can be defined as an information-containing segment of RNA that codes for the production of a polypeptide.
You may draw this representation or show it using this virtual manipulative.  Solve the following problem using the 4 partial products method, including the dimensions, physical pieces, and numeric symbols. Describe the sketch that would be drawn for this problem: How much space does a corn field that is 24 yards by 16 yards occupy?
The molecule that functions as the reducing agent (electron donor) in a redox or oxidation-reduction reaction _____.
A researcher is interested in whether laundry detergent containers contained 100 oz of detergent as claimed by the manufacturer. The researcher collects 100 samples of laundry detergent and measures the amount of detergent. What test is most appropriate to use to analyze this data?
Which of the following is the purpose of lung surfactant?
When a new generation of AirPods was released by Apple, Defendant took a set of the previous generation of Apple AirPods from the Apple store where he worked as a manager, and gave them to his friend as a birthday gift.  The next day, Defendant felt bad, so he created a false transaction and paid for the AirPods.  The authorities will likely determine that:
When the temperature of a confined gas is held constant and its pressure is tripled, the volume will
At 6pm the Moon is high in the sky. What is the Moon's phase?
Which muscle abducts and flexes the thigh?
We fade up on a Porsche. In the passenger seat is Brad (Johnny Depp). The driver, a primly dressed woman. He says, "Shall we do it?" She agrees, starts up the car and drives into a huge, gated estate. Inside, we find the library and the girl's old father behind a tank of a desk. He asks his daughter to step outside; he wants to have a private word with Brad. Once she leaves, he says, "you're not going to marry my daughter." Brad argues, "I've asked her to marry me, she loves me." The old man takes 20,000 dollars out of the desk and spreads it out in front of Brad, "you're not going to marry my daughter." Brad's totally insulted, "she's old enough, we don't need your permission." Another 20,000 is added to the pile. Brad is more righteous, "How dare you sir! You can't buy love!" The old man shoves another heap of bills onto the pile, "you're not going to marry my daughter." Brad looks at the mountain of bills, glances out to the cobblestone drive, thinks a moment and says, "Throw in the Porsche." Cut to the autumn leaves flying as Brad pulls out of town in the Porsche. (1)   This is a movie about a handsome kid who's got the perfect con...he goes into a town, finds the richest girl, gets her to fall in love with him, makes sure the parents hate him and gets paid off not to marry into the family. It's Don Juan di Marco meets Music Man. A few days later, Brad's in the islands, enjoying his loot. Pool bar--Oprah's on television. Suddenly he sees a composite picture of himself and Oprah interviewing his last "love" victims. They're all happy that they knew him, for they all learned about men and love through him. But they want his private parts. (2) He realizes the game is up, and decides to pull one last, major con before retirement. He has to find the one place in the country where the women are interested, their fathers are wealthy and no one watches Oprah. The answer--Stanford. His goal, the daughter of the President of the United States. (3)   At Stanford, it takes no time for the President's shy daughter to fall madly in love with him. He's invited to the White House and begins to turn the family against him - he makes a pass at the first lady, the President, and the downstairs maid. But, back at school, there's a problem - he keeps seeing a pretty graduate student who seems to be following him (maybe Secret Service, maybe a reporter). He finally confronts her and she admits that she saw him on Oprah. (4) But she doesn't want to turn him in. Instead she wants to write her graduate thesis on the mating habits of the American male with Brad as the star specimen. Or else she'll bust him. He agrees. The con continues. What structural part of the story does (4) indicate?
Which empire was the only major empire in existence in in 500?
People hired and paid by private for-profit and nonprofit organizations that implement public policy through a government contract are
The following image was taken on a patient that presented with fever and increased WBC.  The most likely diagnosis is:
public class Genre {    public Genre() {  System.out.println("GENRE");  }}public class MusicGenre extends Genre {   public MusicGenre() {  System.out.println("MUSIC");  }}public class Rock extends MusicGenre {   public Rock () {  super();  System.out.println("ROCK");  }} Given the class definitions above, what is printed to the console when the following lines of code are executed? Assume the code compiles and runs (i.e. ignore typos). MusicGenre g = new MusicGenre();Rock s = new Rock();
A serum sample drawn in the ER from a 42-year-old man yielded the following laboratory results:      CK   125 Units (normal = 30-60)     AST   40 Units (normal = 5-30)     CK-MB   58 Units (normal = 2-12)      Which of the following conditions might account for these values?
. A.  Name the three formulations of the Categorical Imperative.       B.  I am considering stealing an ethics exam from another professor instead of creating   my own.  Explain how I may use all three formulations to help determine if I should       or should not.
