5. Determine the location/orientation of the image (using ray tracing method) of an inverted object located to the left and outside the focal length of a DCX.                             6. An isosceles prism with an apex angle of 250 has an index of refraction of 1.61. Determine the minimum angle of deviation for this prism.                           7. An object is located 120-cm to the left of a lens (DCV) with a 75-cm focal length. Determine: a) Image distance; b) Magnification c) Describe the image.                         8. A PCX lens has a focal length of 25 cm and an index of 1.52. The lens is submerged in water (1.33). Determine the values for R1 and R2. Note: The convex surface is the 1st surface.                       9. Determine the relative aperture for a 1.5" diameter lens, knowing that the focal length is 12.5 cm.                             10. You are handed a concave mirror with a radius of curvature of 40 cm and an object is placed 46 cm in front of the mirror. a) What is the focal length of the mirror? b) Where is the image located and how far is it from the mirror? c) Is the image found in part b) real? Explain. d) Is the image larger or smaller than the object? What is the magnification? e) Make a ray-trace diagram to locate the position and size of the image formed.                                 11. A two-lens system is made up of a converging lens (DCX) followed by a diverging lens (DCV), each of focal length 150 mm. The system is used to form an image of an object 1.5 cm high, standing erect, 270 mm from the first lens. The two lenses are separated by a distance of 60 cm. Describe the image formed by this system.
The secretions of the adrenal medulla act to supplement the effects of:
What is the most common diagnostic procedure performed to diagnose GERD?
In cells, there are motor proteins that attach to vesicles and "walk" along microtubules in the cytoskeleton to move the vesicles around in the cell. This occurs when ATP is added to cause a change in the shape of the motor protein. This is an example of what kind of work?
3 pt ESSAY!  Define the term 'contemporary evolution' and describe an example that illustrates what this means.
A nurse in the ER has started the patient on a cardiac monitor and sees the following rhythm. The nurse understands this rhythm is?
With which sales compensation plan does the level of pay NOT vary when sales volume does vary?
In fatty acid synthesis; after the formation of malonyl CoA, the next step utilizes. (select all that apply)
A patient is to receive a penicillin intramuscular (IM) injection in the ventrogluteal site. The nurse will use which angle for the needle insertion?
Room Scan completed.  The complete Desk and work area shown in the scan.  Failure to complete this room scan will result in a 10 point deduction.
Underemployment is defined as
In processor X's pipeline, an add instruction in stage 3 should use the ALU. A branch instruction in stage 4 also should use the ALU. Both instructions cannot simultaneously use the ALU. Such a situation is a structural hazard. (__________).
An enlargement of the thyroid gland is called
Factor the binomial completely.
Label the arterial below arterial vessels.
**BONUS** ONLY ANSWER THE TWO BONUS QUESTIONS
Credit cards often charge fees for missed or late payments.
You are deciding whether or not to bid on a project.  What is most likely the most important question to ask yourself?
On November 1, Year 1, Noble Company borrowed $92,000 from South Bank and signed a 6%, six-month note payable, all due at maturity. The interest on this loan is stated separately. How much interest expense will Noble recognize on this note in Year 2?
Which influence strategy has been proven to be negatively related to both task and relationship effectiveness, according to research?
