Consider the method powerOfTwo shown below:  public boolean powerOfTwo(int n)  {  if (n == 1) // line #1  {  return true;  }  else if (n % 2 == 1) // line #2  {  return false;  }  else   {  return powerOfTwo(n / 2); // line #3  }  } How many recursive calls are made from the original call of powerOfTwo(64) (not including the original call)?
As president, Andrew Johnson
Which neuroglia cells are the most numerous in the CNS and form the blood brain barrier?
Soil formation is due to aggregate:
What happens to the energy when within atom "A" an electron moves from one energy level to another energy level more remote from the nucleus?
When UV radiation is used for wound treatment, ___________ is the frequency band most commonly chosen.
_____ is a nondirective, humanistic therapy developed by Carl Rogers, in which the therapist creates an accepting climate and shows empathy, freeing clients to be themselves and releasing their natural tendency toward self-actualization.
Two insulated wires cross perpendicular to each other, each carrying currents in the directions shown. At this instant, an electron is located 3.0 cm from each wire, in the same plane as the wires, traveling with a speed of 3000 m/s directed 45 degrees from the horizontal, as shown below. What is the magnitude of the magnetic force exerted on this charge due to the wires?
Which of the following field should be NOT treated as a categorical variable in Tableau?
Which of the following BEST describes when positive pressure is applied to the patient's airway using a CPAP machine?
Climate Change Fills Storms With More Rain  When a tropical storm is approaching, its intensity or wind speed often gets the bulk of the attention. But as  Tropical Storm Barry bears down on the Gulf Coast, it's the water that the storm will bring with it that has weather watchers worried. . . . In recent years, researchers have found that hurricanes have lingered longer . . . and dumped more rainfall -- a sign of climate change, said Christina Patricola, a research scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, and a co-author of a study that found that climate change is making tropical cyclones wetter. (Tropical cyclones include both hurricanes and tropical storms. . . .) Researchers have been studying the effects of climate change on tropical cyclones because those sorts of storms are driven by warm water. Water in the gulf is 0.5 to 2 degrees Celsius warmer, according to Dr. [Andreas] Prein, [a project scientist with the National Center for Atmospheric Research] who said: "This is really increasing the likelihood of a hurricane to form in this basin. And it will increase the intensity of the hurricane as well." Though storms can form at  any time, the Atlantic hurricane season stretches from June 1 through Nov. 30 because that is typically when the Atlantic Ocean's waters are warm enough to sustain storms. But the oceans are now warmer than ever: They have absorbed more than 90 percent of the heat caused by human-released greenhouse gas emissions. . . . The researchers used climate models to simulate how tropical cyclone . . . wind speed and rainfall would change if hurricanes like Katrina, Irma and Maria had occurred absent of climate change and under future climate scenarios. They found that for all three storms, climate change increased rainfall by up to 9 percent. This study is not the first to find that climate change is causing tropical cyclones to have more rainfall. Studies on Hurricane Harvey found that climate change contributed as much as 38 percent, or 19 inches, of the more than 50 inches of rain that fell in some places. . . . And the structure of cities may exacerbate the problem even further, said Gabriele Villarini, an associate professor of civil and environmental engineering at the University of Iowa. At issue: Dirt absorbs water, but paved surfaces such as roads, sidewalks and even the footprint of building homes that make up cities don't. The end result is that less water gets absorbed and the excess inevitably has to go somewhere. . . . Dr. Villarini noted that in the case of Hurricane Harvey . . . there was "a huge amount of rainfall. And I'm struggling to think how you would design a city so that basically you would be able to zero out any effect of flooding." Figuring out how to do that is something that researchers are working on. . . . What many scientists and experts agree on: As climate change increases extreme precipitation, cities will need to adapt. From The New York Times. (c) 2019 The New York Times Company. All rights reserved. Used under license.           Based on the passage, which of the following pieces of evidence is used by the author to support the claim about hurricanes and climate change?
DNA ligase links the 3' end of one Okazaki fragment to the 5' end of another Okazaki fragment in the lagging strand.
Heme groups of hemoglobin contain:
The Z-line refers to the stabilization protein in the center of a sarcomere.
Which of these roof slopes is a low-slope roof?
Given u =  and v = , find the component form of u - v.
Recognizing one's own prejudices and learning about other people's differences is the first step toward:
16) Which one of the following best explains why humans must constantly breathe in oxygen in order to stay alive? A) Oxygen is an important source of energy for cells and is used to make glucose. B) Oxygen is the final electron acceptor in the process of cellular respiration, which results in the production of the ATPs required to fuel cell functions. C) Oxygen must be available to cells in order for them to make the sugars necessary to supply energy for cell functions. D) Oxygen is used to drive the anaerobic breakdown of sugars for the production of ATP. E) Oxygen is converted to carbon dioxide, which is then used to drive the production of ADP.
A fiery cloud of incandescent ash, gas, smoke, and debris that travels extremely fast down the flank of a volcano is called a(n)   .
According to Zip Recruiter, the mean hourly wage for employees in the state of Florida is $17.  Lana is interested in determining if the mean hourly wage for Flagler College graduates is different from this average.  (a) Select the correct null and alternate hypothesis from the options below. [answer1]  (b) Is this a two - sided test, right one - sided, or left one - sided? [answer2] (c) Lana decides to reject the null hypothesis.  Select the correct conclusion. [answer3]
