The government archives in most western European countries and the United States remains secret for 30 years. Milward argued that the prevailing view of popular conversion to belief in European integration dismantled with the opening of the archives in recent decades. What was the main finding of this newly found archives?
What number and types of chromosomes are found in a human somatic cell?
Which of the following is not a factor in the following equation Q=wdv?
People in Abraham Maslow's third level on the hierarchy of needs seek _____.
Structure 1 shows a ___________.
A chemical found in the sacs within an axon terminal which, when released, has an effect on a nearby neuron is called a _____
DIRECTIONS: Read the passage. Then complete each note from the passage with the correct word from the box. Two words are extra.The Race to India[A] In the 15th century, there was a race among Europeans to reach India because of the riches it offered. Indian spices1 were like gold. Because of the high demand, European traders could make a fortune2 by selling them. [B] The problem, however, was that these spices were not so easy to obtain. The journey to India was a complicated one. Traveling by horse was very slow, especially in mountainous areas. Furthermore, reaching India by land involved passing through countries that were not always friendly to Europeans. The chances of being attacked were high. [C] When the Ottoman Empire3 took over Constantinople4 in 1453, the journey to India became even more difficult. The Ottomans took control of the trade routes between Europe and Asia for their own financial benefits. This forced the Europeans to try to reach India by sea. It began what is now known as the Age of Discovery.Two Great Explorers [D] Most people know the story of Christopher Columbus. He was hired by the king of Spain to reach India by crossing the Atlantic Ocean. He did not succeed in this mission. The reason for this is because, on his way, he found America instead - a "new world" unknown to Europeans. For this achievement in the year 1492, Columbus is considered the most famous explorer of the Age of Discovery.[E] If Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama were still alive, what might he say about Columbus's fame? He might simply shake his head. After all, Vasco da Gama was the first explorer to reach India by sea. [F] Unlike Columbus, Vasco da Gama attempted to reach India by sailing around the southernmost point of Africa and into the Indian Ocean. His trip was long and full of challenges. Although he and his crew sailed from Portugal in July 1497, they did not reach India until May 1498. Despite this, he reached his objective. Europeans had a new route to India and, more importantly, its spices. For this reason, although less famous than Columbus, Vasco da Gama has also been admired for his discoveries as one of the greatest explorers in world history.  1 Spices are powders or seeds from plants which are used in cooking to give flavor to food (e.g., black pepper or cinnamon) 2 Fortune is a large amount of money or great wealth.3 The Ottoman Empire was a large empire based in Turkey, founded in the 13th century, which included large parts of Eastern Europe, Asia, and North Africa. 4 Constantinople is present-day Istanbul, the largest city in Turkey.   Africa  Discovery 1492 1453 Europeans Spain Portugal             VdG took approx 1 yr to sail from ________ to India.
The fallacy in which an arguer rejects an opponent's view because the opponent is a hypocrite is known as ...
What member of the care team might help a resident learn to use adaptive devices for eating or dressing?
The nurse understands that common surgeries to divert urine may include a cutaneous ureterostomy.  In developing a nursing care plan for these clients, which of the following statements is correct?
What are three safe ways to thaw meat? Select the THREE answers that apply.
Sprint in agile projects do not have specific task due dates, and a Sprint results in a working increment that gives real feedback.
Farm Flock operations have a larger number head of animals thus, a higher percentage of lamb crop.
Chronic blood loss may lead to:
9. The nurse is educating the parents of a child with Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) regarding priority actions that they should take when caring for their child. Which of the following actions should the nurse include during the teaching session? Immediately report to the child's primary health-care provider if the child:
Identify this image with the correct title, place, or period.   Place?
Gastroesophageal reflux disease involves:
The three stages of prenatal development occur in the following order:
On July 1, 2019, Company X has a foreign currency receivable of 1,000,000 LCU. The spot rate on July 1, 2019, is $.87 per LCU. To hedge this receivable, on July 1, Company X enters into a 30-day forward contract to sell 1,000,000 LCU at $.85 per LCU. The spot rate on July 31, 2019 is $.84 per LCU. The forward contract is cash-settled. How much did Company X receive (pay) to settle the forward contract?
The nurse is providing care for a patient diagnosed with a cerebral aneurysm and subarachnoid hemorrhage. Which statement by the patient indicates a need for additional information?
