Which of the following locations does not contain voltage-gated channels?
A woman has been prescribed insulin glargine as part of her management for type 1 diabetes. Which of the following options best represents the duration of action of insulin glargine?
You are called to the middle of a bridge to transport a violent patient who is suicidal. Per local police, the patient threatened to jump from the bridge and needs a psychiatric evaluation. The patient refuses transport, threatening to sue anyone who touches him. You transport this patient against his will based on
A 52-year-old man presents to your office for an acute visit because of coughing and shortness of breath. He is well known to you because of multiple office visits in the past few years for similar reasons. He has a chronic "smoker's cough," but reports that in the past 2 days his cough has increased, his sputum has changed from white to green in color, and he has had to increase the frequency with which he uses his albuterol inhaler. He denies having a fever, chest pain, peripheral edema, or other symptoms. His medical history is significant for hypertension, peripheral vascular disease, and two hospitalizations for pneumonia in the past 5 years. He has a 60-pack-year history of smoking and continues to smoke two packs of cigarettes a day.On examination, he is in moderate respiratory distress. His temperature is 98.4degF, his blood pressure is 152/95 mm Hg, his pulse is 98 beats/min, his respiratory rate is 24 breaths/min, and he has an oxygen saturation of 94% on room air. His lung examination is significant for diffuse expiratory wheezing and a prolonged expiratory phase of respiration. There are no signs of cyanosis.   What would you do next?
In principle the Democrats have been known as:
31. A patient is receiving intravenous potassium supplementation in addition to maintenance fluids.  The urine output is 120 mL for the past 8 hours and the next dose is due.  Before administering the next potassium dose, which of the following is the priority nursing action?
In females, the cranial sutures are usually closed by the age of 25.
In Figure 6-2, which of the wells shown will be able to pump water?
What were the most significant causes and outcomes of "The Great War."  Include a discussion of the Treaty of Versailles.
Which of the following organelles is the site for modification, sorting, and transport of proteins within the cell?
What is the official name of the act that protects the confidentiality of student records? (fill in each blank with a word): [word1] [word2] [word3] and [word4] [word5]
The term central nervous system refers to the:
In Lawrence Kohlberg's preconventional reasoning stage, good and bad are interpreted in terms of
Directions: Read ALL the information below and choose ONE topic for your essay: You will read the topics/prompts (below). Choose ONE topic for your essay. Then write a short essay (3 to 5 paragraphs) in which you answer the prompt and discuss the topic in detail, and support that discussion in your essay with specific reasons and examples from your own experience, observations, or reading. You are permitted to use the information provided in the prompt or a reading from the textbook as support material for your essay response. The OER is inserted below.  Your essay should have a clear introduction with thesis statement, a body, and a conclusion. You should include at least 1 direct quote and 1 paraphrase in your essay, in MLA format. A works cited entry is required for any secondary sources used in your essay (i.e. cited examples from the ENG 101 textbook or the question prompt information.) It is required that you include either a source acknowledgment in the signal phrase that includes the author and title of the secondary source OR provide a parenthetical citation for any cited material. Essay Requirements: * You should write your essay in paragraph format.* If taking the exam online, type your essay in paragraph format in the response box and double space between the paragraphs.* Include at least 1 integrated direct quote and 1 paraphrase in MLA format from either the topic choice prompt information OR a reading from the ENG 101 text that can support the essay topic.* Include your name, instructor's name, course number/section, and date at the top of the response, as well as a title for the essay (MLA format of headers). Do not worry about the last name page number header.  * Include an MLA formatted works cited entry and in-text citations for any secondary source material used in your response (from the prompt information or the course textbook).* You may use the course textbook. Copy of OER is here: OER.pdf * Indent your paragraphs with 5 spaces and double space your lines. * Use black, Times New Roman 12 Font.* Your have two hours to take the exam. Exam is 10% of the final grade of this course.* Underline both thesis statements and topic sentence(s).* You may use a dictionary, scratch paper, and SCC's MLA handouts during the exam. If you do not have a dictionary, try using this link: Dictionary. Although, I am not 100% HonorLock will also let the link open. * You should strive to employ academic voice in the essay meaning avoid vague words, contractions, and 1st and 2nd person pronouns. How to format Essay in D2L:  Start with your four headers as shown below. Center your Title (using ). Then hit the space bar 5 times to indent your paragraph. Double Space your work. Underline the main sentence of each paragraph. Write your thoughts.   Aim to have 5-6 sentences in Introduction, thesis at the end Aim to have 7-10 sentences for Body paragraph(s), topic sentence at the beginning Aim to have 5-7 sentences in Conclusion, thesis is first sentence of paragraph   Hit Enter when ready to move to next paragraph. Repeat the 5 spaces to indent new paragraph. Repeat these again for conclusion paragraph. Hit enter. Create a Work(s) Cited title if needed from OER. This is optional.  Do not forget to click the three dots to the right in the textbox to drop all the usable applications or hit the toggle button in the bottom, right corner if you want the screen to be full:  Writing Prompts: Topic choice #1: Is binge-watching television healthy or beneficial?In-text Source Information:-The first usage of the term "binge-watch" dates back to 2003, but the concept of watching multiple episodes of a show in one sitting really gained popularity around 2012. [1]-Netflix's 2013 decision to release all 13-episodes in the first season of House of Cards at one time, instead of posting an episode per week, marked a new era of binge-watching streaming content. [2]-In 2015, "binge-watch" was declared the word of the year by Collins English Dictionary, which said use of the term had increased 200% in the prior year. [3]-73% of Americans admit to binge-watching, with the average binge lasting three hours and eight minutes. 90% of millennials and 87% of Gen Z stated they binge-watch, and 40% of those age groups binge-watch an average of six episodes of television in one sitting.[4]-The coronavirus pandemic led to a sharp increase in binge viewing: HBO, for example, saw a 65% jump in subscribers watching three or more episodes at once starting on Mar. 14, 2020, around the time when many states implemented stay-at-home measures to slow the spread of COVID-19. [5] Source Information:1. Article: Binge-Watch Publisher: Meriam-Webster Website title: merriam-webster.com Access date: December 10, 20182. Author: Ruth Spencer Article title: With Netflix Releasing House of Cards All at Once, Tell Us about Your TV Binges Website title: theguardian.com Publication date: February 5, 20133. Publisher: BBC News Article title: Binge-Watch is Collins' Dictionary's Word of the Year Website title: bbc.com Publication date: November 5, 20154. Author: Todd Spangler Article title: Binge Boom: Young U.S. Viewers Gulp Down Average of Six TV Episodes per Sitting Website title: variety.com Publication date: March 21, 20175. Author: Cheryl Idell Article title: HBO NOW Streaming Data in Wake of COVID-19 Website title: medium.com Date of publication: March 24, 2020 Topic Choice #2: Does online education help students? In-text Source Information:Supporters argue that the flexibility of the format benefits students, particularly older ones who have full-time jobs or families. The ability to review materials such as past lectures online is also advantageous. Since students use the Internet in many other ways, it is logical for them to use it to attend school as well. Another advantage of distance learning is geographical, supporters assert. Students who are kept home most of the time due to illness or disability, as well as those living in geographically isolated areas, can all benefit from online education. The fact that students already use the Internet for other purposes makes online education an ideal format, proponents contend. Particularly among younger students, they say, being online is second nature. Supporters argue that students are often more comfortable, and therefore more engaged, reading lectures and making comments online than they would be in an actual classroom. "They're very much accustomed to using [the Internet] for recreation, for communication," says Liz Pape, chief executive officer of Massachusetts-based Virtual High School. "So now, if we train our teachers properly, they can use technology as a tool for delivering engaging information." Opponents argue that taking classes online deprives students of the full educational experience, which involves relating to other people in addition to absorbing information. In addition, some classes can be difficult to convert to an online format, both for instructors and for students. Another charge leveled at online education is that it has the potential to violate students' privacy. The Higher Education Act could encourage schools to require cameras and other monitoring devices in the homes of students to prevent cheating, they note. That highlights a central problem of verifying student honesty in distance learning, they say. Critics of distance learning also contend that there are major drawbacks to taking classes online. For one thing, they say, the courses require students to be self-motivated, making it less likely that many of them will receive the full benefit of the classes. For another, they add, online students miss out on some of the experiences of a traditional classroom. It is harder for students taking online courses to connect to teachers and other students, they argue. "People who are really behind this drive to online education don't realize that the education process is more about developing a relationship than about delivering the material," says Connel Fullenkamp, an associate professor of economics at Duke University in Durham, N.C. Source Information:Article title: Online Education: Does online education help students?Date of publication: October 17, 2008Publisher: InfobaseDatabase title: Issues & Controversies   Topic Choice #3: Do college athletics programs play a valuable role in higher education?In-Text Source Information:Supporters say that college athletics programs are a valuable part of the college experience and tradition. Sports teams benefit schools by inspiring loyalty from students and alumni and, for successful programs, bringing in revenue for the school. Contrary to stereotypes, college athletes are vital and productive participants in college life. Sports help develop certain qualities, such as leadership, determination and perseverance, supporters say. Besides their obvious benefits to the student body, successful athletics programs benefit schools in other ways as well, supporters say. For one, a strong sports team, especially in high-profile sports, can boost a school's profile across the nation. For another, successful teams can often provide a financial boon for colleges and universities. "Moneymaking sports like men's football and basketball often underwrite other college athletic teams, from squash to soccer," Associated Press reporter Julia Silverman writes. "And universities say fancy stadiums, arenas and locker rooms help them recruit star athletes and attract fans and donors." Opponents argue that college athletics programs have become too commercialized and at odds with the educational values of the nation's schools. By devoting enormous attention and resources to sports, colleges and universities have neglected their academic mission. Whereas sports used to be just one aspect of the collegiate experience, critics say, it has now become the focus of school life and policies on many campuses. Nowadays, they say, athletics programs, particularly at big, Division I schools, have become almost professional operations that have little to do with the schools they represent. "The role of athletics at colleges and universities across the country does seem to be out of balance," claims Christopher Thomforde, president of St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minn. "The model of professional athletics and NCAA Division I athletics, especially football and basketball, is based upon an entertainment/celebrity model and not a model that relates directly to the educational mission and purpose of higher education." Source Information:Article title: College Athletics Programs: Do college athletics programs play a valuable role in higher education?Date of publication: March 26, 2004Publisher: InfobaseDatabase title: Issues & Controversies Rubric 20 Originality (Voice and Ideas):* Clear and focused thesis* Answers the assignment/on topic* Appropriate academic style used 20 Organization (Structure and Coherence):* Transitions used; logical flow* Examples/evidence integrated smoothly* Clear introduction, body, conclusion 20 Development (Analysis and Specific Support): * Writer provides a cohesive, well-organized, supported discussion of the thesis * Essay uses specific, relevant evidence/examples to support the thesis* Topic and conclusion sentences present in body paragraphs Sentence Skills: (Grammar, Mechanics, and Punctuation):10 * Fewer than two major errors (grammar/structure) per page10 * Fewer than five minor (spelling/punctuation) errors throughout 20 Formatting (Document Design/Requirements):* Essay follows assignment formatting directions* Essay fulfills all assignment requirements/on topic* 1 direct quote & 1 paraphrase (MLA format)* signal phrase attribution OR parenthetical citation* Required Works Cited page/entries (MLA format) GOOOOOOOOOOOD LUCK!!!!!!!!!
Refer to the exhibit. The configuration shows commands entered by a network administrator for inter-VLAN routing. However, host H1 cannot communicate with H2. Which part of the inter-VLAN configuration causes the problem?
Without authorization, a nurse administers an extra dose of narcotic tranquilizer to an agitated client. The nurse's coworker observes this action but does nothing for fear of retaliation. What is the ethical interpretation of the coworker's lack of involvement?
The actions of cholinergics include ________.
The assertion that auditors will probably emphasize in the revenue and collection cycle is
At the present, the generation of Sun's energy in its core is produced by:
Isoenzymes of an enzyme can differ in which of the following ways? 1. heat stability 2. amino acid composition 3. Michaelis-Menten constants 4. isoelectric points
