What is the correct answer for the following calculation with measured numbers 28.58 / (16 x 8.02)
It was found in the monkey experiments on attachment that those baby monkeys who did not receive comfort or early social interactions with a parent curled up in the corner of play group cages when put in with baby monkeys who had experienced "love" and "comfort".
Modify the data file according to the instructions below. Upload your finished work to Canvas using the link. The Farm Fresh Market wants an easier way to keep track of the shelf life of fresh vegetables. Perform the following tasks to help them:  Open the data file associated with this test in Canvas. Save the workbook using the file name Farm Fresh Market Complete. Apply the Vapor Trail theme to the worksheet. Format the data as a table using the style Lime, Table Style Medium 5. Adjust column widths so that all column headings are fully visible. Enter the following numeric data in the Sell By Date column, rows 3 through 15:    Sell By Date   10/26/2020   10/24/2020   10/21/2020   10/16/2020   10/10/2020   10/21/2020   10/23/2020   10/15/2020   10/11/2020   10/20/2020   10/15/2020   10/12/2020   10/23/2020     Create three new calculated columns: Shelf Life, Days Left and Grade. The formula for calculating the Shelf Life is = [Sell By Date] - [Stock Date]. The formula for calculating the Days Left is = [Sell By Date] - currentDate. (Hint: currentDate is a named cell.) The Grade column will require you to create a lookup table, shown below. Type the heading Grade Table tencolumns to the right of cell H1; apply the same font style, font size and background color as in cell A1 to the heading. Underneath the Grade Table heading, enter the subheadings and data from the table below. For the Days Left and Grade subheadings, apply the same font style and background color as in cell A1; apply font size 11. Merge and center as appropriate. No lines or borders are needed.    Grade Table   Days Left Grade   0 F   3 D   7 C   9 B   14 A     Use the VLOOKUP function to fill in the values for the Grade column of the data table. Use the Grade Table for the lookup values. The numbers in the Days Left column represent the minimum number of additional days the product may be left on the shelf for each grade. Add conditional formatting to the Product ID and Grade columns so that the product ID and letter grade of produce with a grade of "F" are formatted with a bold font, color Orange, Accent 2 (column 6, row 1), surrounded by a solid border, color Orange, Accent 2 (column 6, row 1), no fill. Create an output area. Enter the heading Output Area in cell J10; apply the same font style, font size and background color as in cell A1. Merge and center cells J10 through L10. Starting in cell J11 and going down, fill in the following labels: Grade A Count, Grade C Count, Grade F Count, Vegetable Count and Fruit Count. Use the COUNTIF function to fill in the appropriate counts in cells L11 through L15. Create a treemap:  Sort the table by Type and then select the range B2:D15. Insert a treemap chart and apply the second chart style. Remove the legend. Move the chart to a new worksheet, named Treemap Chart. Change the font size of the chart title to 32 and type Farm Fresh Market Stock Dates as the new title. Change the font size of the data labels to 18. Apply the Banner label option to the data series. Display the Category name and Value data labels and separate the labels by placing Value on a new line. Save the workbook.   Protect the worksheet Farm Fresh Market and lock cells for editing so that only the data in the following columns of the table can be edited: Product ID, Type, Produce, Stock Date and Sell By Date. Do not use a password to protect the worksheet. Save the workbook. Farm Fresh Market has decided to change the product ID numbers to make them easier to read and remember in the future.  Create a new worksheet named Product ID. Copy the Product ID column data from the Farm Fresh Market worksheet into the same cells on the new worksheet and adjust the column width to best fit. In cell B3, use the TEXT function to convert the product numbers to text with a hyphen between the fourth and fifth digits. (Use Excel's function help if necessary.) For example, "369718" should convert to "3697-18." Copy the TEXT function from B3 to the cells below so that all product numbers are converted.   Save the workbook and upload it to Canvas.
The ability of the pressure measurement system to respond to the changes at the pressure measurement site is:
Create a function called product that takes an array of integer numbers and returns the product of all those numbers. If you pass {1, 2, 3, 4} argument to product function, it should return 24. Implement your function in such a way so that users do not need to create an object to use it.   Do not forget to add comments.
Which of the following is a form of passive transport?
The trophoblast layer will eventually develop into the zygote after the blastocyst embeds into the uterine wall
Which assessment finding could indicate hemorrhage in the postpartum patient?
True or False. National debt is the total amount that the government has borrowed in one year.
When a recruiter is late and unprepared for an interview, the applicant is likely to perceive low ________.
Which qualitative research approach is used by researchers for the purpose of theory building?
Which of the following is not a motion that the MCP ("big knuckle") joints can perform.
The clear surface at the front of the eye that begins the process of directing light to the retina is the ___.
A patient has been admitted for a skin graft following third degree burns to the bilateral calves. The plan of care involves 3 days inpatient and 6 months outpatient treatment, to include home care and dressing changes. When should the nurse initiate the educational plan?
Which patient goal is appropriate for patients with anxiety disorders?  "The patient will experience reduced anxiety and:
Lutherans teach baptism is primarily an act by which a person publicly declares that they have accepted Jesus as their personal Savior.
If the demand for a good increases, the demand for the factors used to produce the good
The Nevada Statute of Limitation for a wrongful death case is how many years?
By 1750, the French population in North America:
The asthenosphere is actually a part of the ________ of the earth.
