These questions are from the discretionary and mandatory access control module.  All students in a class belong to a group G and are able to access class resources because G is granted the necessary permissions. Assume Alice has tested out of a topic and does not need to take the quiz on this topic. The professor does not want Alice to have access to this quiz but wants Alice to remain in group G so she can access other resources. Also, the professor wants to grant access to the quiz to all other students by granting the desired access to G. The mechanisms provided by various operating systems can be used to meet this access control requirement. (a) Explain how the above can be achieved most efficiently or with a succinct policy in Linux with extended access control lists (EACLs) ( 4 pts.)(b) Answer the above questions for Windows.  (4  pts.)  In your opinion, which of the following system best supports the separation of privilege design principle: Java, Hydra, Windows and Linux? Explain your answer. (5 pts.)  The Bell and La Padula (BLP) and Biba models either address confidentiality or integrity. (a) Which of these model addresses confidentiality?  (2 pts.)(b) Which one addresses integrity?  (2 pts.)(c) If we want to use BLP and Biba simultaneously to address both of these requirements, what will be the read and write rules (e.g., at what levels a certain user at level L can read or write).  (3 pts.)(d) Is there a drawback to using both of these models at the same time? Provide a brief explanation. (3 pts.)  A certain company has many customers and some of them have conflict-of-interest relationships. The people responsible for access provisioning came up with the following scheme. All files of a given customer must be stored in a single directory. A user U can access files in any directory at the beginning. However, once U accesses files in some directory, U's access to all other directories is turned off.    (a) What policy discussed in the course is most similar to the above scheme? ( 3 pts.)(b) Is this policy correctly implemented by this scheme? Provide a brief justification for your answer. (5 pts.)
49. The nurse observes that a 15-year-old mother seems to ignore her newborn. A strategy to facilitate mother-infant attachment is:
SECTION A: VISUAL ART            Question 1:     Art analysis    [20]          There are 4 steps to analyse an artwork: *       Describe *       Analyse  *       Interpret *       Judge Study the image below (IMAGE 1) and answer the questions that follow.   RIGHT CLICK ON THE BUTTON TO OPEN IMAGE 1 IN A NEW TAB:    This artwork was created by Frida Kahlo called ''The Wounded Deer''. In this painting, Frida used a young deer with the head of herself and was fatally wounded by arrows to the body.         1.1   Describe what you see in this artwork. Use full sentences to motivate your answer.    [4]
This movement envisions a food system that is inclusive, community-led, and participatory, without exploiting people or the environment, and seeks to establish healthy, resilient communities with equitable access to nourishing and culturally appropriate food.
The nurse is caring for a client who is completely paralyzed below the waist.  Which of the following is the most appropriate bath to be given by the nurse for this client?
#2 Identify the WBC in this picture.
Select the types of RNA molecules below that carry the entire set of instructions for making a functional protein. Read this question carefully. (Select all that apply)
Dunbar wrote the poem "We Wear the Mask" about African Americans who felt that they needed to hide their disappointment, grief, and suffering from white Americans.
A child weighs 54 pounds.   Ampicillin 500 mg orally is ordered every 6 hours. The therapeutic range is 50-100 mg/kg/24 hours.   Ampicillin comes in the following concentrations: 125 mg/5 ml and 250 mg/5 ml.   12. Is the order therapeutic? If not what is the therapeutic range based upon every 6 hours? If so, how many ml's will you administer?
The Vancomycin Resistant Enterococci (VRE) Van A phenotype produces a ligase enzyme which synthesises which ester linkage rather than the normal amide, -alanine-alanine?
Which of the following is NOT a charactersitcs of Renaissance Humanism?
Which of the following is not a beta-lactam drug?
A 21-year-old male with nausea, vomiting, and jaundice has the following laboratory findings:    Test   Patient   Reference Range     Total Bilirubin   8.5 mg/dL   0-1.0 mg/dL     Direct Bilirubin   6.1 mg/dL   0-0.5 mg/dL     Urine urobilinogen   Increased         Urine bilirubin   Present         AST   300 u/L   0-50 U/L     Alkaline Phosphatase   170 U/L   0-150 U/L     These can best be explained as representing:
In the video UNAbomber, what was the main mistake that allowed Ted Kazinski to finally be caught?
The members of this group are all photoautotrophs
Mass electronic communication has played a role in creating a more homogenous national and international culture.
A nurse is teaching about biological warfare to a group of nursing students. Which is included in the discussion?
A temperature of 105.8 degF is classified as
!A leer!  El turista responsable You are reading a magazine when you find this information. Read it and then answer the questions.     !Atencion, turistas! ?No sabes que hacer este verano? ?Te gustaria (would you like) hacer un viaje, pero no has decidido adonde ir ni para que? ?Te gusta la ecologia? ?Eres amigo de la naturaleza? ?Quieres proteger el planeta? Si tu contestaste "si" a estas preguntas, eres el candidato perfecto para nuestro programa, Tico Ecotur. Ofrecemos programas para todos los viajeros que quieren participar en algo significativo para la conservacion de nuestra Tierra. Nuestro primer viaje va a ser durante las primeras semanas de junio. El primer dia, salimos en autobus para Golfito, un lugar costarricense conocido mundialmente por su naturaleza y sus hermosos parques nacionales. Despues de dos dias, llegamos a Golfito y pasamos doce dias, trabajando con un grupo de naturalistas en su proyecto de reforestacion y conservacion de los recursos naturales de la region. Fechas: del 1 al 14 de junioSalidas: desde San JoseAlojamiento: Vamos a hacer camping.Costo: $3.000 por persona, incluida comida     ?De donde sale el autobus?
embarass
