The pH of blood is:
One of the Signalized Intersections Measure of Effectiveness is
For your final examination, you should write a cohesive, well-developed essay that fully addresses the essay prompt. Please closely read the following CQ Researcher articles (published March 25, 2011 (volume 21, issue 12)) and then the prompt below.     "Women and Sports-Has Title IX Led to Unfair Treatment of Men's Sports: Pro"by Karen Owoc, Advisory Board Member for the College Sports Council   "Women and Sports-Has Title IX Led to Unfair Treatment of Men's Sports: Con"by Linda Carpenter, Professor of Physical Education at Brooklyn College     par. 1Title IX is a good law. The way it's regulated, however, is not only unfair but unconstitutional. The law precisely states that "no person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving federal financial assistance." par. 2But men don't enjoy equal protection under the law. Enacted as an anti-discrimination statute, Title IX has been converted to a rigid quota system that has denied men sports opportunities. par. 3To enforce the law, the Office for Civil Rights (OCR) devised regulations that include a three-part test to assess Title IX compliance as it pertains to athletics. When it comes to litigation, though, part one is the only one that stands up in court. par. 4Part one requires that opportunities for male and female athletes be "substantially proportionate." After the precedent-setting 1995 gender-discrimination case of Cohen v. Brown University, proportionality became the safe harbor for compliance. Proportionality essentially means that if a school is, for example, 56 percent female, then 56 percent of its athletes must be female (allowing for a 5 percent variance). par. 5Using a rigid quota system dictated by raw enrollment numbers has changed the way college athletics is run. It ignores individual athletic interests and assumes they're exactly equal between men and women everywhere--younger and older, on all campuses. Not all women want to participate in athletics, nor do all men. par. 6When schools have too few female athletes (i.e., the percentage of females enrolled exceed the percentage of athletes), they're presumed noncompliant. They're then forced to create the illusion of substantial proportionality by denying men the opportunity to participate. This means that many women's teams have not been helped, but rather, men have been hurt. Applying a rigid quota system to athletics without regard to individual student interests and abilities is illogical and discriminatory   par. 1Title IX has not led to unfair treatment of men's sports. The numbers of male student athletes and teams are the highest in at least 22 years. par. 2In 2009 and 2010, males comprised about 43 percent of college enrollment but 57 percent of NCAA varsity student athletes. While women have made significant gains in athletic participation under Title IX, more athletes of both genders participate in sports than ever before. par. 3Team counts are another sign that Title IX hasn't treated men unfairly. In the last 22 years, 398 new men's teams were added to already well-developed, historically privileged and institutionally nurtured men's programs, such as football and basketball. Of course, the number of individual student athletes, not the number of teams on which those students play, is most significant when examining fair treatment. But team counts are important. par. 4Title IX turns 40 on June 23, 2012, yet blaming and partisanship persist. Neither is productive in the effort to increase opportunities for males or females. Blame-placing and partisanship are fellow travelers with administrators who manipulate team rosters to make gender-equity numbers look better or cut men's or women's "minor" sports while increasing budgets for prominent ones based on the erroneous notion that prominent teams make a profit rather than simply launder money. par. 5Profit-making is neither a realistic nor an appropriate goal for athletics programs. And cutting athletic opportunities for either males or females is a counterproductive idea. Administrators who manipulate rosters or cut lower-profile sports do so because their institutions have allowed inequity to persist or placed privilege ahead of compliance with federal law. par. 6The issue is not who deserves sports more, but what can be done, even with budgetary constraints, to provide those valuable opportunities and experiences to students fairly.       _____________________________________________________________________________________ Topic: Using the above-noted articles, "Women and Sports-Has Title IX Led to Unfair Treatment of Men's Sports: Pro" and "Women and Sports-Has Title IX Led to Unfair Treatment of Men's Sports: Con," as reference sources, write an essay in which you analyze each author's use of one rhetorical tool or rhetorical appeal to achieve his or her specific purpose.  To start, determine what you believe is each author's specific purpose. Choose one of the following specific purposes for each author: to convince, to justify, to validate, to condemn, to expose, to incite, to celebrate, to defend, or to question. Then, determine which one of the following rhetorical tools or rhetorical appeals the "Pro" author relies upon most heavily in his or her article to achieve his or her specific purpose and then which one of the following rhetorical tools or rhetorical appeals the "Con" author relies upon most heavily in his or her article to achieve his or her specific purpose. You must choose both tools and/or appeals from the following list:    alliteration amplification allusions analogy arrangement/organization authorities/outside sources definitions diction (and/or loaded diction) enthymeme examples facts irony paradox parallelism refutation rhetorical questions statistics testimony tone logos pathos ethos kairos     Organize your ideas into a four-paragraph essay that includes the following paragraphs: (paragraph 1) an introduction paragraph; (paragraphs 2 and 3) two separate, well-developed rhetorical tools and/or rhetorical appeals body paragraphs (one focused on the "Pro" author's use of your chosen rhetorical tool or appeal to achieve his/her specific purpose and the other focused on the "Con" author's use of your other chosen rhetorical tool or appeal to achieve his/her specific purpose); and (paragraph 4) a conclusion paragraph. Your essay must include a forecasting thesis statement and effective topic and concluding sentences in each body paragraph. At least four times in your essay, you also must correctly integrate quotations, paraphrases, and/or summaries from the above-noted articles; remember to include proper in-text citations.
At the end of July at ABC Funeral Home the total expenses to operate the funeral home is smaller than the amount of income, the differnce is termed:
How much emphasis should be placed on each strategic variable of the marketing mix is:
Steroids such as testosterone and estrogen belong to which class of biological molecule?
Which of the following is not a part of the portal triad?
The percentage of blood cells in whole blood is called _________.
Which of the following best describes how the majority of carbon dioxide is carried in the red blood cell portion of blood and why
A cat who has learned to associate the sound of the can opener (arbitrary stimulus) with receiving food (reward) is an example of...
The health care provider's prescription reads potassium chloride (KCL) 40 mEq po.  The label on the KCL package reads 20 mEq (KCL) per 15 mL.  What is the correct dose in milliliters of medication the nurse should prepare?
AFDELING A: Opsomming Vraag 3: Teks F. Die artikel kan in 'n ander bladsy oopgemaak word deur regs op die volgende blou blokkie te druk.   Lees die verkorte en verwerkte artikel uit Pols, aandagtig deur en voer dan die opdrag uit.         Instruksies: SOM DIE REDES WAAROM DIT GOED VIR JOU IS OM SJOKOLADE TE EET IN SEWE VOLSINNE OP.  Skryf jou sewe sinne puntsgewys onder mekaar neer. Jy moet een sin oor elke feit skryf. Jy moet jou eie woorde gebruik. Jou opsomming mag nie langer as 80 woorde wees nie. Dui die getal woorde wat jy gebruik het aan die einde van jou opsomming aan. Jy sal streng gepenaliseer word as jy nie die aanwysings volg nie.          TOTAAL VRAAG 3:   [10]     TOTAAL AFDELING A:   [50]
What property of steroid hormones allows them to cross the phospholipid bilayer?
Commit to not provide unauthorized assistance to another student when completing coursework, taking quizzes, tests, and final exams by not making any materials, answers and/or solutions available to anyone else (except to the extent an instructor explicitly permits the sharing of information).
The following text is related to questions based Hands-on Testing Workshop, taught in class.  The below text is applicable to the hands-on questions below. Below questions are meant to mimic the Hands-on Testing Workshop and the same ideas, tools (since you don't have the tools, you have to imagine that you have them) and style of state diagram should be used. The model(s) must follow the same conventions we used in the workshop.  Use yed live (see link below) to draw the model. Download the graphml file and upload it as the answer to the applicable questions.  https://www.yworks.com/yed-live/ Assume you are given a simple web-based system, which is the system under test (SUT). You are also given a model generation (MG) tool as well as a test case generation (TG) tool. See comment above about how these tools work.   The SUT can perform the following 6 actions:      Description Short Name   Create customer account (account for short)  CreateAccount   Delete account  DelAccount   Add a very cheap product to the basket  AddCheap   Add a very expensive product to the basket  AddExpensive    Remove a very cheap product from the basket   RemCheap    Remove a very expensive product from the basket   RemExpensive    Note: This is a simplified web system so if there are two very expensive products in the basket the action "remove a very expensive product" will randomly pick one very expensive product and remove it. Thus, you don't need to keep track of individual products in the basket. The SUT can perform the following 7 checks:    Description Short Name   Assert that an  account exists and that the basket is empty AssertAccountBasketIsEmpty   Assert that no  account exists  AssertNoAccount    Assert that there is one very expensive product and nothing else in the basket   AssertOneExpensive    Assert that there is one very cheap product and nothing else in the basket   AssertOneCheap   Assert that there are two very cheap products and nothing else in the basket  AssertTwoCheap    Assert that there are two very expensive products and nothing else in the basket   AssertTwoExpensive    Assert that there is one very expensive product in the basket and one very cheap product in the basket   AssertCheapExpensive    Note: The following example "Assert that there is one very expensive product in the basket" means that the assert will check that only one product is in the basket AND that the product is very expensive. Thus, the assert will fail if there is no product, or if there is one product but it is a very cheap one, or if there are two products in the basket. The SUT and testing of the SUT has the following rules.  No account exists when the first test case starts running At most one account can exist at any time. An account can only have at most two products at any time A product can be added to the basket only if an account exists An account can only be deleted if the basket is empty Each test case must set up (create) and tear down (delete and remove) all necessary structures (account and products) Unless not specifically specified, testing should not violate the rules, e.g. testing should not try to remove a product that's not in the basket or delete an account that doesn't exist etc.  Your general task is to test that  The SUT works for very cheap products as well as for very expensive products and combinations of cheap and expensive products The SUT's behavior should be the same independently of the order of adding to and removing from the basket,  If the SUT doesn't work, your test case should fail near the place where the problem is using an action followed by an assert. Sample steps of an incomplete test case:  Create account  Add a very expensive product to the basket   Assert that a very expensive product is in the basket   To answer the questions, use the short names (e.g. by copying and pasting from tables above) and make the test case look like this (please note that this sample test case is still incomplete):  CreateAccount AddExpensive AssertOneExpensive
Given the following class definitions. class A { } class B extends A { }   The following statement will compile. B b = new A(); Select one:
Consider the following two masses connected with a massless rope passing over a massless, frictionless pulley. The 100 kg block is released from rest from a height of 1.0 m. It takes 0.90 s to reach the floor. What is the mass, m, of the second block?
A patient's apical pulse rate is 52 prior to receiving metoprolol as prescribed by the health care provider (HCP). Which action should the nurse perform next?
QUESTION 3 Martins Blog         Lies den folgenden Blog. Mein Leben ist im Moment echt schwierig, weil ich mit allen Streit habe. Mein Vater liebt mich, aber er sagt, dass ich nicht genug arbeite - zu Hause nicht und in der Schule auch nicht. Meine Mutter findet, dass ich zu viel Zeit mit meinem Handy verbringe. Mein Bruder darf alles machen. Er kann ausgehen und heimkommen, wann er will. Aber ich muss um zehn Uhr im Bett sein. Das ist unfair. Meine kleine Schwester geht mir auf die Nerven. Zum Gluck ist meine Freundin super, aber sie will nie mit mir zum Fussballspiel gehen. Wie Schade! Wir sehen uns also nie samstags.   Vervollstandige die Satze, indem du das richtige Wort auswahlst. Beispiel: Martins Bruder hat es leicht.         3.1   Martins Leben ist [ans1].   (1)         3.2   Martins Vater findet ihn [ans2].   (1)         3.3   Martin ist [ans3] auf seinen Bruder.   (1)         3.4   Martin findet seine Schwester [ans4].   (1)         3.5   Martin findet seine Freundins Einstellung [ans5].   (1)
List two of the items that should be included in an outline, according to Unit 1 of our textbook:
