A sheet of metal with a length of 1.5 m and width of 2 m is placed on the surface of a wooden table. A 0.0015 m thick dielectric cotton tablecloth with a permittivity of 4.8x10-11 C2/Nm2 is laid on top of the metal sheet and another identical metal plate is placed on the first piece of metal. Each plate is hooked up to opposite terminals of a 12 V car battery.    a) What is the charge that develops on the capacitor plates? b) How much energy is stored by the capacitor? c) Calculate the strength of the electric field between the capacitor plates.   Suddenly a large punch bowl is spilled on the table soaking the tablecloth and changing the permittivity of the cloth to 7.7x10-10 C2/Nm2. Answer the following questions assuming the cloth is soaked as described. d)How much charge is on the plates now. e) Find the energy stored by the capacitor when the tablecloth is soaked. f)Now the metal plates are disconnected from the battery. If the cloth dries overnight returning the tablecloth to its original condition, then calculate the energy stored in the capacitor the next day. g)What is the new potential difference the next day?   part a) 1. Write the number to the left of the equation from the list of numbered formula that allows you to calculate the capacitance two parallel plates in a vacuum.
When collecting a peak or trough specimen for therapeutic drug monitoring, the test is considered
Arlene is not sure how to handle her son's questions about his grandfather's death. How would a psychologist advise Arlene?
Identify structure #1  (two words)
20. The observed spectral lines of hydrogen in a distant star are all shifted toward the blue end of the spectrum. Which statement is true?
Which of the following indicate an increased work of breathing?  Active exhalation Paradoxical chest movement Accessory muscle use Spontaneous tidal volume of 6 ml/kg
Which one of the following are among the major reasons that the simple exponential smoothing has become well accepted as a forecasting technique?
Which of the following is true about Cranial Nerve XII Hypoglossal?
What is the term for markets across the United States in locations like Atlanta, Dallas and Chicago that lease showroom space to manufacturers and sales representatives who carry multiple lines in permanent showrooms and for seasonal shows?
Refer to "35" above. What is Investor's second year depreciation?
Which of the following statements accurately describe Michael Wigglesworth's "The Day of Doom"?
In 2020, Boris pays a $3,800 premium for high-deductible medical insurance for himself and his family. In addition, he contributes $3,400 to a Health Savings Account. Which of the following statements is true?
Skandeer jou antwoorde vir hierdie vraestel as EEN PDF-leer. Benoem jou PDF-leer as volg: WISK GR12 NaamVan T01 SBA003
A Japanese store buys Apple computers shipped from the U.S. causes a:
Listen to the question and write a logical answer in a complete sentence. a   e    i    o    u   n
For the computer to correctly form a CR image, the body area or part being radiographed must be positioned in or near the center of the CR cassette.
A young baby gets startled and responds by extending out their arms and legs, then quickly bringing them back towards their body and starts crying. Which neonatal reflex describes this?
There are two questions remaining on this exam, but you can choose which one you will answer. Your options for which question to answer are shown below. Read these questions, then take mental note of which one you prefer to answer: Option A: Suppose that a new disease has swept across Washington state. Those who are infected with this disease develop lesions on the skin. Many scientists suspect that the new disease is caused by a pathogen called Bobo Virus. Scientists have found that this virus is relatively easy to grow in the laboratory using cell culture. There is also a nice animal model for studying the pathogenic effects of this virus (Bobo Virus causes the same symptoms in mice as they do in humans). Through their work, scientists have found that Bobo Virus causes respiratory illness (instead of skin lesions) in 3% of the animals infected. (a) In correct order, list all of Koch's postulates. (b) Based on the information provided above, do you see any problems with identifying Bobo Virus as the cause of the new Washington State disease? Why or why not? Option B: Suppose a new strain of bird flu is infecting people in Australia.  Suppose also that you're an epidemiologist who is interested in determining which risk factors increase the likelihood that someone will become infected with Australian bird flu.  Describe a retrospective study you could perform to determine the risk factors.  As part of your answer, discuss which control group you'd use, and what you'd look for in the control group.  Also discuss what results you'd look for to indicate that a presumed risk factor does indeed increase the likelihood of acquiring Australian flu.
Wole Soyinka's play "Death and the King's Horseman" was originally written in English.  What other language is featured in the play?
Which of the following will NOT be exempt from the new Produce Safety Rule under the FSMA?
