A nurse caring for a client postoperatively notes that the dressing on the client's incision was recently clean and dry but is now saturated with a large amount of fresh blood. What intervention should be taken by the nurse in this situation along with notifying the primary care provider?
Which of the following best represents Kubler-Ross's steps of stage-like movement towards death?
(Q001) Lobbyists come from different backgrounds. Most are lawyers, and many have not held elected office. However, in Austin as in Washington, D.C., the number of former legislators taking high-paying jobs lobbying their former colleagues has grown substantially in recent years. In fact, this practice is becoming so common that the term revolving door has emerged to describe it. An article in the Dallas Morning News estimated that in the 2013 legislative session, former legislators earned up to a collective $1.7 million in salaries.It is not surprising that interest groups such as corporations or labor unions would want to hire former legislators as lobbyists. Former legislators have cultivated relationships with their colleagues as well as with staff members; therefore, they can easily arrange meetings for their clients with important government leaders. Lobbying firms see former legislators as strong investments because of their ability to influence legislation. Former legislators defend taking lobbying jobs by claiming that they have a right to make a living. Texas legislators point out that they make only $7,200 per year and that their experience should not go to waste once they leave office. Former legislators say they are uniquely suited to advise their clients because of their expertise in legislative politics. They also say they are employed not only to influence current legislators but also to educate them about the concerns of the lobbyists' clients, who are the legislators' constituents as well. As long as reporting requirements exist so that the public knows whom they are lobbying for, they argue, then there are no ethical issues with this practice. Former legislator and current lobbyist Cliff Johnson defends his experience by suggesting, "You have to hire somebody to get through the administrative minefield." Lobbying firms will naturally gravitate toward hiring individuals who know the legislative process and so are able to best represent them. On the other hand, opponents of the revolving door claim that this practice is unethical and should be curtailed because legislators are public servants who should not personally profit from their time in office. Representative Donna Howard (D-Austin) has proposed that former legislators should have to wait a period of time after their legislative service before they lobby. Senator Jane Nelson (R-Flower Mound) expressed her opposition to the revolving door in this way: "It just doesn't feel right. I don't want people questioning: Is she filing that bill because she hopes to cash in on that at some point in the future? I would rather be boiled in oil." Governor Abbott and Lieutenant Governor Patrick have also proposed ethics reform in the legislature to address the issue of the revolving door. Nevertheless, a proposal to enact a two-session "cooling off" period before former legislators could lobby failed in the 2017 legislative session. Ten states currently have revolving door laws, but Texas will have to wait until the next legislative session to even consider these bills to limit the practice.Do you agree or disagree that former legislators lobbying their former colleagues is unethical? Why?
What is NOT true of the "fight or flight" response?
Estamos unidos por nuestro interes en facilitar la union chilena desde las comunidades hasta incorporar al pueblo entero.
After earning an A in your biology course, your instructor gives you a firm handshake. You can feel the deep pressure of the handshake, and it is so strong it even starts to hurt a little. What type(s) of receptor was (were) activated by the handshake?
Federal trial courts are called U.S. _______ Courts.
Java can be run on different computer operating systems.
The following image shows the rock cycle. The three different rock types are represented, but the processes that connect the rocks within the cycle are not labeled. What process(s) would be responsible for the transition labeled B?Click to view larger image.
David, a lawyer in a large law firm, sought to change firms and approached several smaller law firms to see if they would be interested.  Two of them showed general interest, but the managing partners asked David to meet with them to discuss possible conflicts of interests if he were to join those firms.  David met with Firm A and simply discussed the types of cases that he had worked on in general terms.  When he met with Firm B, the managing partner pressed David for a list of clients.  The Firm B managing partner said, we are prepared to make you an offer if you show us that we will not create many conflicts of interests if you join the firm.  David revealed the general nature of the matters and a list of clients that were publicly known.  He did not provide Firm B with the financial information for billings of each identified client.  Is David subject to discipline?
The nursing instructor asks a nursing student about phenylketonuria (PKU). Which statement made by the student indicates a need for further teaching?
A diaphragm or system of shutters that are designed to define the dimensions and direction of the beam of radation
Bones are constantly undergoing resorption (destruction) for various reasons. Which of the following cells accomplishes this process?
During cooling, the amylopectin sets and forms a gel.
The reaction of NO and O2 produces NO2. 2 NO(g) + O2(g) - 2 NO2(g) The reaction is second-order with respect to NO(g) and first-order with respect to O2(g). At a given temperature, the rate constant, k, equals 4.7 x 102 M-2s-1. What is the rate of reaction when the initial concentrations of NO and O2 are 0.025 M and 0.015 M, respectively?
pauci
A Minnesota farmer buys a new tractor made in Iowa by a German company. As a result,
Which is greater in atomic size? potassium (19) or calcium (20)?
If a CR system is used, what is the possible cause for the artifact seen in the image below?
(10 points total)  Answer the questions below based on this excerpt from an article by Holmes and Beins (2009, p. 7): "Views of psychology as a science. The Psychology as Science scale (Friedrich, 1996) contains 15 items measuring the degree to which respondents view psychology as a science. Respondents rate items such as, "Research conducted in controlled laboratory settings is essential for understanding everyday behavior" on a 7-point scale ranging from 1 = (strongly disagree) to 7 (strongly agree). Friedrich (1996) reported a coefficient alpha of .71 for a sample of undergraduate psychology majors. The alpha for the current sample was .72." a. What is the scale of measurement for views of psychology as a science? Explain your answer. (5 points) b. What evidence is provided of the measure's reliability? Explain your answer. (5 points)
