Problem 2 (26 points) On April 1 of 2021, a St. Johns, Inc. purchased and placed in service a machine with a cost of $240,000. St. Johns estimated the machine's useful life to be four years or 60,000 units of output with an estimated salvage value of $60,000.    Make the necessary adjusting journal entries in good form for St. Johns, Inc. at:  a) December 31, 2021 under double-declining balance method of depreciation and b) St. Johns, Inc. has determined that they would prefer to use the straight-line method from the beginning, so now record ALL necessary journal entries for 2025 related to this asset and its sale for cash at the end of its useful life for $64,000.  Required: Complete all necessary journal entries in good form for St. Johns, Inc. for both Parts a & b above. To create a table, open the table editor as indicated in the image below. (Add rows and columns as needed.)
Drugs used to alleviate allergy symptoms block the action of:
Where would you find a center's sick policy written?
Cats ECG paper speed can be 25 or 50 mm/sec.
Which of the following best describes how geysers erupt?
Refer to Figure 12-4. Potential GDP equals $100 billion. The economy is currently producing GDP1 which is equal to $90 billion. If the MPC is 0.8, then how much must autonomous spending change for the economy to move to potential GDP?
Given an eight-sided die that has three sides painted red, four sides painted green, and one side painted yellow. A game is played in which a player rolls the die once. A roll of red results in the loss of $1, a roll of yellow results in the loss of $5, and a roll of green wins the player $5. Calculate the player's expected value to the nearest cent. Enter the $ symbol before entering your numerical value
The nurse knows that most of the nutrients from food ingested are absorbed in which area of the gastrointestinal tract?
Which approach to data analytics attempts to discover associations between individuals based on transactions involving them?
DNA  is associated  with RNA  and certain proteins forming chromatin.
Where do you find highest rates of unhappiness, depression, and suicide?
Visualize a neuromuscular junction. An impulse has been sent to the effectors (muscle cells) for a response. At rest, the endplate region has the following concentrations of sodium and potassium: [Na+in] = 145 mM, [Na+out] = 11 mM, [K+in] = 149 mM, and [K+out] = 255 mM. Remember that when acetylcholine binds to its receptors, a large opening of channels becomes permeable to both sodium and potassium. What is the membrane potential of the endplate region when stimulated by acetylcholine in this response at 37degC, R=1.987 and F=23062
Name the muscles labeled B[B], D[D], and F[F].
Compared to all of the other stars in the universe, our sun is considered to be
Exploiters force victims to pay for services to which victims have no clear right.
If a call to the Arrays static method binarySearch returns a value of -10, what can be concluded? I     the element is not in the array II    the element is at index 10 III   the element can be inserted at index 9
Which structural layer of blood vessels is most responsible for maintaining blood pressure?
What articulates at the deep socket labelled in the previous picture?  (be very specific)
What main reason is a 3% sodium bicarbonate (NaHCO3) solution added to each test tube?
You've just received an email that looks like it came from your bank.  It has the bank's logo on it, and the "from" address looks correct.  The email says that you need to verify your account security by clicking on a link in the email and answering some questions. In reality, the email was sent by some cybercriminals who want your password so they can empty your bank account. What kind of attack is this?
