3.1b    How does the rainfall anomaly data prove that the drought in the Eastern Cape has been ongoing since 2000?  (2)
Name this location
A 2kg mass is located at +4m on the X-axis.  A 5kg mass is located at +8 on the X-axis.  The gravitational field is given by g=+0.4x where g is in N/kg and x is in meters.  What is the X-axis location of the center of gravity?
Here is an easy one.  Describe the role that state and local governments play in a citizen's daily life.  How does this differ from the role of the federal government?
A nurse is preparing to infuse cephalexin 1 gm in 50 mL over 30 minutes. How many mL/hr will the nurse set on the infusion pump?
Team Shirts issued a 2-for-1 stock split. Before the split, Team Shirts had 100,000, $1 par value common shares outstanding. After the split, the par value of each common share is ________.
A 10 kg mass sits at (2 m, 0), a 15 kg mass sits at (0, -4 m) and a 25 kg mass is at (-3 m, 2 m). Suppose these three masses are attached to a light (massless) rigid board and rotated about the origin at 1.8 rad/s. What is its rotational kinetic energy? (The axis is the origin. That means it is a line perpendicular to the plane through the origin, or just the z-axis.)
Backpropagation through time (BPTT) is a gradient-based technique for training certain types of RNNs.  Questions 13, 14 & 15 are about BPTT.
A new mother wants to nurse her infant only 5 minutes at each breast to avoid sore nipples. Which of the following is appropriate teaching by the nurse?
Please refer to the graphic to answer this question: What variable or parameter in the logistic growth equation differs between the depicted blue and red species?
4. (8 pts) The number of hours of daylight in Fairbanks, Alaska can be modeled with a sinusoidal function. The hours of daylight oscillates 8.5 hours above and below the annual average of 12.5 hours. This average of 12.5 hours is first reached in March. a) Create a function D(t) that models the number of hours of daylight in terms of the months since January, t. That is, January represents t = 0, February represents t = 1, etcetera. Be sure to explain or show how you chose the various values in your function. b) How many hours of daylight are there in January? Round to the nearest tenth. c) When is the first time hours of daylight will reach 10 hours? Give your answer as a number rounded to the nearest hundredth.
A 17-year-old female high school student with a history of sickle cell disease presents to the primary care nurse practitioner with acute onset of diffuse pain consistent with sickle cell crisis. She participated in 4 events at a competitive track meet earlier in the day which was hot and humid.  The nurse practitioner anticipates that which of the following laboratory values will be lower than the reported reference range in her laboratory diagnostics?
Which of the following is an effective way to communicate with children?
BONUS - If a baby is born with compression of the Sylvian aquaduct, what condition may arise?
What is the primary form of fat in the diet?
The best description of enabling is any behavior that
According to the Genetic Code Table, valine (val) is coded by ___ different codons.
Neritic sediments are found on the ____.
A 36 year-old pregnant client presents for her routine OB visit. It is discovered that she has a UTI. She has no known allergies. Which of the following is a first-line antibiotic that you will prescribe for her?
The nurse is talking with a male client with a diagnosis of schizophrenia who often experiences auditory hallucinations. For this communication to be most effective, the nurse should:
