Tetanus, which is also referred to as "lockjaw" is caused by the Gram-positive bacteria, Clostridium tetani.   Individuals usually get infected when they step on a contaminated object when walking bare-footed outside.  This allows the spores of C. tetani to enter the wound.  The spore itself does not make a person sick.  Instead,  the spores enter a vegetative state and secrete tetanus toxin, which prevents motor neurons from functioning properly.  This causes skeletal muscles to "lock" into place due to severe muscle spasms (contraction).  It is recommended that infants, children, teens, and adults receive the tetanus vaccine every ten years to prevent this painful and potentially deadly disease.    Q1: Tetanus is a [Q1] disease. Q3: The toxin mentioned is [Q3]. Q4: Which of the following would be considered a reservoir for C. tetani? [Q4]   Q6: What is the portal of entry of C. tetani? [Q6]. Q7: What is the portal of exit of C. tetani? [Q7]
The Sheehys just bought a new home for $389,000.  They made a down payment of $55,000 and took out a 30-year home mortgage for the balance at a fixed APR of 4.5%. a) Find the amount of their monthly payments. b) How much total interest will they pay over the life of the mortgage? Type your answers here, in order, one per line.  Use the zoom feature on your computer to zoom in on the formulas below if needed.
The mother of a newborn notices her baby has "crossing" of the eyes and is worried. Which is the best response by the nurse?
How much income is received in (r)?
The loss of water by evaporation from a leaf is termed?
The case of Smith/Jones is meant to show us that killing, in itself, is morally different that letting die.
A tree with |V| number of vertices contains?
Extra Credit What is Fetal Alcohol Syndrome?  Describe its' symptoms, and explain how alcohol is linked to this condition.
The nurse cares for a client diagnosed with Parkinson's disease experiencing dysphagia.  The client is most at risk to develop which complication?
A figure of speech in which an elicit comparison is made between two essentially unlike things using like or as is called a
Which of the following is NOT important when determining if a lease should be considered a finance lease or an operating lease by the lessee?
Frances Willard and Jane Addams were involved in the WCTU and the settlement house movement respectively.
In the United States, which of the following laws dictates the circumstances under which someone can be placed in a psychiatric facility against their will?
Great Britain had several bad harvests during the Civil War years. Their need for food from the North was more pressing than their need for cotton from the South.
Bacterial b-glucuronidase in the intestine hydrolyses glucuronide conjugates.
Match the letters with their correct identification.
Which of the following graphs refer to the equation dN/dt = 0.5N ?
Which hormone signals ovulation?
APAP devices should not be used on patients who do not snore
A person experiencing analgesia
