Elaine is an analyst at the Bureau of Economic Analysis and she is in charge of determining U.S. gross domestic product (GDP). Elaine has evaluated all applicable transactions that occurred within the U.S. for the first quarter, except for four transactions. Prior to these four transactions, Elaine has GDP at $200. The four transactions are as follows:  Cotton Farms produces three bales of cotton, valued at $10 per bale. Cotton Farms sells one of its three bales of cotton to Knit Garment Manufacturing. Knit Garment Manufacturing uses this one bale of cotton to produce twenty blouses, valued at $4 per blouse. Knit Garment Manufacturing sells ten of these twenty blouses to Khol's. Khol's sells all ten blouses in its stores at a price of $10 per blouse.  If Elaine calculates GDP correctly, then what will be her value of U.S. GDP for the first quarter?
The following are used for culturing viruses, except one:
The type of control chart that is most appropriate to monitor the length of nails in a box of nails where the number of nails is constant is:
When are sister chromatids separated from each other?
Under a DevOps model, development and operation teams are often merged into one team where the team members work across the entire application lifecycle and develop broad skills not only limited to a single function. What could be the benefits of practicing DevOps?
Calculate the I time and the E Time needed for an I:E ratio of 1:3 given a RR = 12/min.
If iron has two naturally occurring isotopes, Fe-54 (isotopic mass=53.940 amu) and Fe-56 (isotopic mass=55.935 amu) , what is the natural abundance of Fe-54?
Which sensory system is the only one that does NOT use the Thalamus as a relay system to the cortex?
Essay Question 4 (10 points): Explain two benefits that a strong brand can provide for the consumer (2*2=4 points: explain clearly why/how the two benefits can bring the benefits to the consumer), and three benefits that the strong brand can provide for the firm (2*3=6 points; explain why your three benefits can bring the benefits to the firm. *Bullet points or several words only -> a 0. Benefits for the consumer (2*2=4 points)(1)(2) Benefits for the firm (2*3=6 points)(1)(2) (3)
Sarah bought a house. She took out an 7/1 ARM for $240,000.  The mortgage is to be paid back over 30 years.  The current interest rate is 2.75% compounded monthly. (6 points; 2 points each section)   a. How much is the monthly payment for the first seven years? Round to the nearest cent. [a] b. How much will Sarah still owe after the first seven years? Round to the nearest dollar. [b] c. After seven years, the rate is reset (or adjusted). The interest rate at the time is 5.25% compounded monthly.  How much will the monthly payment be after the interest rate is reset? Round to the nearest cent. [c]
Which medication is used to treat GERD?
My instructor accepted my paper, it was two days late.
Homer Tanner, a foreman at Wellville Steel, pays the premium for a long-term disability policy that has a three-month waiting period and replaces 70% of pay. Homer suffered brain damage in an auto accident. Full recovery took nine months. Six months after the accident, Homer was able to return to work on a part-time basis. Still very unsteady on his feet, Homer oversaw just one section of the production line while in a wheelchair. Homer's long-term disability payments ceased when he went back to work. Which of the following is true?(I)Homer's long-term disability payments were taxed as ordinary income(II)Homer's long-term disability payments were tax-free(III)the definition of disability in his long-term disability policy was "own occupation"(IV)the definition of disability in his long-term disability policy was "qualified for"(V)the definition of disability in his long-term disability policy was "total and permanent"
The nurse is educating a client who is diagnosed with stage 1 Alzheimer disease (AD). The client's spouse is included in the education. Which suggestion best promotes maintaining functional ability at this stage?
Your anxious and trembling 50-year-old patient was suddenly awakened in the middle of the night with the feeling that she was being smothered. She is complaining of chest pain and numbness and tingling to her face and hands. Vital signs are BP 168/96, P 140, R 30. Her medications include alprazolam, atorvastatin, and enalapril. You should
Write each word phrase as an algebraic expression.  Use x to represent the unknown number. 8 more than the quotient of -7 and a number
______________ is characterized by mild hypertelorism, mild prognathism, frontal and parietal enlargements, a broad nasal root, and multiple odontogenic keratocysts (OKCs) of the jaws.
Where did the English establish a permanent settlement in America in the 1600s?
Use the image provided to calculate the Hematocrit for (a) and (b):
True/False As the density of a solvent increases, the rate of diffusion increases.
