Mr. Smith is a 63-year-old male who presents with a one month history of loose stools with visible blood seen intermittently. In the past 2 days, he has not had a bowel movement and reports that he is experiencing abdominal pain and bloating. This morning he felt nauseated but has not vomited. He denies fever but reports that he has grown increasingly uncomfortable as the day has progressed. He has never had a colonoscopy. On exam, vital signs are stable. Bowel sounds are decreased and he has tenderness to palpation localized to the left side. On rectal exam, there are no masses and there is no stool present for hemoccult testing. Abdominal radiograph shows a large bowel obstruction in the descending colon without free air below the diaphragm. Which of the following is the most likely etiology of this patient's obstruction?
Choose the function in the second column that matches each cranial nerve in the first column.
Because the Sales Coordinator at Borden, Inc. makes channel decisions, he/she can be considered:
Which group of viruses does Ebola belong to and what shape do they have?
The muscle separating the thoracic and abdominal cavities is the:
Biology is fun!
From chapter 6, which of the following is the first instantiation of the categorical imperative?
One mole of an ideal gas is expanded from a volume of 1.00 liter to a volume of 3.23 liters against a constant external pressure of 1.00 atm. How much work (in joules) is performed on the surroundings? Ignore significant figures for this problem. (T = 300 K; 1 L*atm = 101.3 J)
A hypereutectic Fe-C alloy has a composition with __ than the eutectic alloy.
This layer of the meninges creates a space for the circulation of cerebrospinal fluid around the brain and spinal cord:
Unique feature of vertebrates include the presence of a(n) ________.
What does the Best Fit button in the Column Width dialog box do?
According to guest lecturer Nick Yachovich, prisoners in the United States habituate such that they make good inmates but not good citizens.
A gini coefficient of 0 represents a world that has an income distribution where income is divided perfectly equal.
Which of the following is a capability of an image editing program?
Figure 21-1 ArteriesUse Figure 21-1 to answer the following questions:Identify the arteries labeled "9."
The light-absorbing pigment that absorbs blue and orange light is
Schwann cells make myelin sheaths in the PNS.
Refer to the image above.  Name the fiber type at the end of A.
As part of the study described in question 28, investigators enrolled healthy subjects and explored possible side effects of the drug. They considered detrimental any increase in systolic blood pressure of >15 mmHg (upper equivalence limit). The output of the analysis (Student's t test) comparing the effects of the sugar-control drug and a placebo on systolic blood pressure (in mmHg) in healthy individuals is shown below.    Group n Mean SD SEM     Sugar-control drug 156 124.0 15.2 1.22     Placebo 122 119.8 13.6 1.23      Difference = 4.20 t = 2.393 with 276 degrees of freedom (P = 0.017) 95 percent confidence interval for difference of means: 0.745 to 7.655 The difference in the mean values of the two groups is greater than would be expected by chance; there is a statistically significant difference between the input groups (P = 0.017). Power of performed test with a = 0.050: 0.577     Which of the following is the most appropriate conclusion?
