When members of the upper class are portrayed as criminals in the media, the  activity is more likely to be murder than corporate misdeeds.
Theme: Gr12 - World of Work    Your school has created a program aimed at supporting Gr12 learners as they ready themselves for the World of Work and as CATN-learner, you've been given the task to set up and format a brochure to share some information with parents and Gr12 learners.     Question 1 - Word processing  Open the document 1Brochure.    1.1 Change the picture and the text box on the cover page to be displayed as shown below, by following the instructions under the screenshot.  Reset the picture. Format the text box to appear as shown below. (Note that no typing is required.)   Right-click on this button and select the "Open link in new tab" option  (3)   1.2 Reject the track change in the first paragraph under the heading 'Introduction'. (1)   1.3 Change the table of contents on the second page, so that only entries where the headings were formatted with the Heading 1 style or the Heading 2 style are displayed. (1)   1.4  Locate the list of tables under the heading 'Tables'.  Make the necessary change to ensure that, when this list (field) is updated, the first item in the list will be displayed as follows:  Table 1: Open days at selected universities  Update the list (field).   (2)   1.5  Locate the shaded paragraph under the heading 'Choosing the right course'. Change the hyphenation setting so that only one word in this paragraph is hyphenated at the end of a line.       (1)   1.6  Edit the table under the heading 'Open days' on the third page as follows:    Move the leftmost column (headed 'Date') so that it is located between the columns headed 'Faculties' and 'Time'. Ensure that the headings in the top row are displayed vertically in the centre of their cells. (Do not change the height of this row.)     (2)   1.7  Locate the hyperlink 'Appendix A' under the heading 'Open days'. Edit the hyperlink so that it links to the appropriate bookmark.  (1)   1.8 Display the paragraph and the image under the heading 'What it is' as shown below, by following the instructions under the screenshot:    Justify the text. Change the size of the image to exactly 4.5 cm wide x 3.0 cm high. Ensure that no text is displayed at the right side of the image, without moving the image.    Right-click on this button and select the "Open link in new tab" option  (3)   1.9  Adjust the image under the heading 'Intelligence, aptitude, interest' so that it appears within an oval shape, more or less as shown below.  Right-click on this button and select the "Open link in new tab" option  (1)   1.10  Change the List Paragraph style in the document as follows:    Change the colour of the bullets used for this style to black. Set the bullets against the left margin. Remove any shading from the paragraph style.     (3)   1.11 Apply the List Paragraph style to the bulleted list under the heading 'Personality traits: the Big Five'. (1)   1.12  Locate the first paragraph in the text box under the heading 'Personality traits: the Big Five'. Display the first line of the paragraph as shown below. (Only the first few lines of the paragraph are shown.) Right-click on this button and select the "Open link in new tab" option  (1)
Directions: Please choose the word that correctly completes the sentence.  Sentence: "The moon began to rise, and I thought of the placid look at the white ceiling, which had passed away. The moon began to rise, and I thought of the pressure on my hand..."  This quote is an example of the use of _____.
When homeostatic imbalances occur it means that
Which of the following scenarios is consistent with abuse rather than accidental injury?
Which of the following characteristics does perfect competition share with monopolistic competition?
Which one of the client's feet should you work on first?
Power based on legitimacy is called _______________.
Many genes are conserved from yeast to higher vertebrates and carry out similar functions in a wide range of organism.  A gene that is conserved between two different species is called a/an:
If you have used VM, how was the experience?
_____ asserts, "Moderation is the greatest virtue."
Tech forgot to wash the patient wells after addition of the secondary antibody (fill in wells below with your predictions, +, -, or ?):
4.2   Hoeveel meisies hou van swem? [ans]   (1)
When a patient falls, which section of the spinal column is the most prone to compression injury? _______
Cutaneous means pertaining to:
Which of the following is the mitochondria?
Ringworm is an infection of the skin, hair, and nails caused by a
Please enter you answer choice for question number 11.
You NEED to choose ONE of the scenarios and answer all the short questions for your chosen scenario. Scenario 1 Scenario 2
A child's portfolio does not contain
