A woman and her daughter Amy come to you for counseling (use growth chart below): Amy is six years old, 60 lbs and 46 inches tall.  Her BMI puts her in the ____ percentile    a.  above the 95th    b.  at the 90th    c.  at the 85th    d.  at the 75th    e.  at the 50th
1 I visited Edinburgh with languid eyes and mind; and yet that city might have interested the most unfortunate being. Clerval did not like it so well as Oxford: for the antiquity of the latter city was more pleasing to him. But the beauty and regularity of the new town of Edinburgh, its romantic castle, and its environs, the most delightful in the world, Arthur's Seat, St. Bernard's Well, and the Pentland Hills, compensated him for the change, and filled him with cheerfulness and admiration. But I was impatient to arrive at the termination of my journey. 2 We left Edinburgh in a week, passing through Coupar, St. Andrew's, and along the banks of the Tay, to Perth, where our friend expected us. But I was in no mood to laugh and talk with strangers, or enter into their feelings or plans with the good humour expected from a guest; and accordingly I told Clerval that I wished to make the tour of Scotland alone. "Do you," said I, "enjoy yourself, and let this be our rendezvous. I may be absent a month or two; but do not interfere with my motions, I entreat you: leave me to peace and solitude for a short time; and when I return, I hope it will be with a lighter heart, more congenial to your own temper." 3 Henry wished to dissuade me; but, seeing me bent on this plan, ceased to remonstrate. He entreated me to write often. "I had rather be with you," he said, "in your solitary rambles, than with these Scotch people, whom I do not know: hasten then, my dear friend, to return, that I may again feel myself somewhat at home, which I cannot do in your absence." 4 Having parted from my friend, I determined to visit some remote spot of Scotland, and finish my work in solitude. I did not doubt but that the monster followed me, and would discover himself me when I should have finished, that he might receive his companion. 5 With this resolution I traversed the northern highlands, and fixed on one of the remotest of the Orkneys as the scene of my labours. It was a place fitted for such a work, being hardly more than a rock, whose high sides were continually beaten upon by the waves. The soil was barren, scarcely affording pasture for a few miserable cows, and oatmeal for its inhabitants, which consisted of five persons, whose gaunt and scraggy limbs gave tokens of their miserable fare. Vegetables and bread, when they indulged in such luxuries, and even fresh water, was to be procured from the mainland, which was about five miles distant. 6 On the whole island there were but three miserable huts, and one of these was vacant when I arrived. This I hired. It contained but two rooms, and these exhibited all the squalidness of the most miserable penury. The thatch had fallen in, the walls were unplastered, and the door was off its hinges. I ordered it to be repaired, bought some furniture, and took possession; an incident which would, doubtless, have occasioned some surprise, had not all the senses of the cottagers been benumbed by want and squalid poverty. As it was, I lived ungazed at and unmolested, hardly thanked for the pittance of food and clothes which I gave; so much does suffering blunt even the coarsest sensations of men. 7 In this retreat I devoted the morning to labour; but in the evening, when the weather permitted, I walked on the stony beach of the sea, to listen to the waves as they roared and dashed at my feet. It was a monotonous yet ever-changing scene. I thought of Switzerland; it was far different from this desolate and appalling landscape. Its hills are covered with vines, and its cottages are scattered thickly in the plains. Its fair lakes reflect a blue and gentle sky; and, when troubled by the winds, their tumult is but as the play of a lively infant, when compared to the roarings of the giant ocean. 8 In this manner I distributed my occupations when I first arrived; but, as I proceeded in my labour, it became every day more horrible and irksome to me. Sometimes I could not prevail on myself to enter my laboratory for several days; and at other times I toiled day and night in order to complete my work. It was, indeed, a filthy process in which I was engaged. During my first experiment, a kind of enthusiastic frenzy had blinded me to the horror of my employment; my mind was intently fixed on the consummation of my labour, and my eyes were shut to the horror of my proceedings. But now I went to it in cold blood, and my heart often sickened at the work of my hands. 9 Thus situated, employed in the most detestable occupation, immersed in a solitude where nothing could for an instant call my attention from the actual scene in which I was engaged, my spirits became unequal; I grew restless and nervous. Every moment I feared to meet my persecutor. Sometimes I sat with my eyes fixed on the ground, fearing to raise them, lest they should encounter the object which I so much dreaded to behold. I feared to wander from the sight of my fellow-creatures, lest when alone he should come to claim his companion. 10 In the meantime I worked on, and my labour was already considerably advanced. I looked towards its completion with a tremulous and eager hope, which I dared not trust myself to question, but which was intermixed with obscure forebodings of evil, that made my heart sicken in my bosom.
A client is on intake and output. The patient had the following intake from 0700-1200 (7am-12pm): 6 ounces of milk at breakfast and 6 ounces at lunch, intravenous (IV) intake was 300 ml. What would be the correct total intake to record for the above time frame?
Cindy has $5,000 in her bank account today, and she wishes to put in $200 per year, at the end of each year, until her account balance is $16,000.  If the bank credits a 1% APY, which of the following can she enter to find out how long it will take her to reach her goal of $16,000?
Interim financial statements refer to financial reports:
1.7   Refer to paragraph 9. Do the apostrophes in 'didn't' and 'Teagan's' serve the same or a different function? Explain your answer.   (2)
In order to mimize a function f(x), one must find solutions to the equation f"(x) = 0.
Choose the best series of reactions for accomplishing each conversion below.       a.    b.    c.    d.
42. Which of the following statements does not represent a fundamental principle of performance improvement?
Utilizing the ABC-X model for parenting stress, a parent redefines his/her child's aggressive behaviors based on the child's intention is described as the  _________.
The inductive step of a mathematical (vanilla) inductive proof shows that for the integer k, k>=0 , if
Who stated that the teacher should establish a small number of rules to enforce along with the consequences?
Customer value-based pricing strategy uses the buyer's ______________ regarding value as the key to pricing their products.
12.  Cardiac Catherization Report Procedure Performed: Left Heart catherization, selectiver coronary angiography, and left ventriculography Indication: Chest pain Conclusion: Coronary artery disease CPT [1] ICD [2]
According to the Central Limit Theorem, what is the shape of the sampling distribution of the mean for n random samples drawn from a Poisson distribution with
What are the three hallmark symptoms of clinically-significant aortic stenosis?
Information Governance is a concept that covers the 'what', 'how', and 'why' pertaining to the data assets of an organization. The 'what', 'how', and 'why' are respectively handled by the following functional areas:
The first step in helping someone with a drug-related problem is:
One of the main features of the Articles of Confederation was:
Within the body, the liver metabolizes drugs differently than alcohol. Regardless of amount of the drug taken or volume of alcohol ingested, drugs are typically metabolized by _______, whereas alcohol is metabolized by _______.
