One hour postdelivery the nurse notes the new mother has saturated three perineal pads. What is the most appropriate nursing action?
The action of the tibialis anterior is
Considerations in setting up an activity center include the number of children and the developmental levels of the children in the group.
What is the name of this compound?           CH3    O           |        ||CH3 - CH - C - CH3
A newborn requires a spinal tap to obtain cerebrospinal fluid for diagnosis.  What location should the needle be inserted at to draw the fluid?
I. Oficios y profesiones. Empareja la profesion con su descripcion.
David Rosenhan sent pseudopatients to a mental hospital, where they pretended to be disturbed. The results of this study led him to conclude that _____ greatly affects mental illness.
Preschool aged children eat due to:
Which changes in the male reproductive tract result from age? (select all that apply.)
Ethical systems are:
Which of the following is the function of the mitochondria?
The first cervical vertebra is called the
A secular Renaissance form, born in Italy, which uses a specific form of poetry, and incorporates word painting and unusual harmonies to a large degree is
In an _____ conflict, a person must choose between two or more alternatives that each have both desirable and undesirable results.
Mongols traded with settled neighboring peoples to obtain which of the following?
Which behavior would not be expected in a patient with bilateral damage to the amygdala?
Fill-in the blanks: a) The electron in the n=3, l = 2 is found in the the [a] subshell. b) An h subshell has [b] orbitals.  c) Consider Mn and Mn3+.  Which one has the largest radius, the atom or the ion?  (Note: Do not write the symbol, in the space write the word atom or the word ion.) The [c]. d) Of the elements beryllium, boron, carbon and lithium,  the one with the highest first ionization energy is [d].  e) Of the subshells, 3d, 4s, 3s, 3p, [e]  has the highest energy. f) For the subshell 4f, the value of the principle quantum number is [fa] and the value for the angular momentum quantum number is[fb].  g) The following orbital diagram belongs to a an ion, X2+.      The chemical symbol of X is [g].
Understanding Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs can help the health care worker to better understand:
Gastrocele means herniation of the:
Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.     His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together.   The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions.   For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse.   The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle.    Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life.   What ion channels must be opened on the post-synaptic membrane of a skeletal muscle to initiate a muscle contraction?
