Which of the following leaders was responsible for masterminding an ethnic conflict known as the "Parsley Massacre"?
ME 5321 Spring 2021 Midterm Test I - Makeup-1.pdf   Problem set is attached. You have 120 minutes.  You can work on any kind of paper (as you do for your homework). Scan your papers and upload it.
PART II - BONUS QUESTIONS (Points WILL NOT be deducted, even if you answer the questions incorrectly.) Read the following News Article and answer the five questions.      Proposed gene therapy for a heart arrhythmia, based on models made from patient cells   July 17, 2019 Source: Boston Children's Hospital Summary: Researchers report creating the first human tissue model of an inherited heart arrhythmia, replicating two patients' abnormal heart rhythms in a dish, and then suppressing the arrhythmia with gene therapy in a mouse model.   Researchers at Boston Children's Hospital report creating the first human tissue model of an inherited heart arrhythmia, replicating two patients' abnormal heart rhythms in a dish, and then suppressing the arrhythmia with gene therapy in a mouse model. Their work, published in two papers in the July 30 print issue of the journal Circulation, opens the possibility of developing single-dose gene therapy treatments for inherited arrhythmias, and perhaps more common arrhythmias such as atrial fibrillation. "Our hope is to give gene therapy in a single dose that would work indefinitely," says Vassilios Bezzerides, MD, PhD, an attending cardiologist in the Inherited Cardiac Arrhythmias Program at Boston Children's Hospital who was involved in both studies. "Our work provides proof-of-concept for a translatable gene therapy strategy to treat an inherited cardiac arrhythmia." The two studies focused on catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia (CPVT), a leading cause of sudden death in children and young adults. The arrhythmia is typically triggered by exercise or emotional stress, and first becomes apparent at an average age of 12, often as a sudden loss of consciousness. Current treatment consists of drugs such as beta-blockers and flecainide, surgery to disconnect nerves innervating the left side of the heart, an implanted cardioverter-defibrillator (which can lead to life-threatening complications in CPVT), and simply having children exercise as little as possible. "Treatments for CPVT are currently pretty inadequate: 25 to 30 percent of patients will have recurrent life-threatening arrhythmias despite treatment," says Bezzerides. Building arrhythmic tissue One study, ... used tissue engineered models to investigate how CPVT works at the cellular and molecular level. ... the researchers obtained blood samples from two patients at Boston Children's Hospital who had CPVT caused by separate mutations in RYR2 gene (the gene linked to most cases of CPVT). RYR2 gene encodes a channel that enables cells to release calcium -- the first step in initiating a heart contraction. The scientists then reprogrammed the patients' blood cells to become induced pluripotent stem (iPS) cells, capable of making virtually all cell types. From these, they made cardiomyocytes (heart muscle cells) carrying the CPVT mutations and used them to construct models of heart-muscle tissue. "The cells were seeded on an engineered surface so that they lined up in a specific direction similar to how heart muscle is organized," ... "The cells have very abnormal beating individually, but after assembly into tissue, they beat together, better modeling the actual disease. That's why tissue-level models are important." Exercise test in a dish Using a so-called optogenetic system, the team then applied blue light to one end of the tissue to activate the cells. This created an impulse that moved along the sheet of cells to produce a contraction. Using this system, they created an "exercise test in a dish." To simulate exercise, they added the drug isoproterenol (similar to the stress hormone adrenaline) and applied infrared light to initiate faster heartbeats. This testing helped reveal CPVT's underlying mechanisms. When healthy heart tissue underwent the exercise test, calcium moved through the tissue in even waves. But in tissue models made from patients with CPVT, calcium waves moved at varying speeds, and in some parts of the tissue not at all, resulting in an abnormal circular motion known as re-entry -- much like what happens in real life. "When we paced the cells faster, the CPVT tissue sustained re-entrant arrhythmias, whereas normal tissue could handle it fine," says Pu. To understand how stress makes CPVT patients vulnerable to life-threatening arrhythmias, Pu, Parker, and colleagues identified signaling molecules that are activated by adrenaline, and then used drugs and CRISPR/Cas9 genome editing to selectively inhibit or modify them. Through this strategy, they found that in healthy heart tissue, an enzyme called CaM kinase (CaMKII) chemically modifies RYR2, triggering the heart-muscle cells to release more calcium. In CPVT cells, this modification combines with the inherited RYR2 mutation to cause excessive calcium levels in cells, which precipitates arrhythmias. "Nature designed CaMKII as part of the fight-or-flight response," explains Pu. "When you get excited, you release more calcium so the heart can beat faster. But when RYR2 is mutated, the channel is leaky, so the cell releases way too much calcium, which causes arrhythmia." When the researchers blocked the CaMKII modification, they eliminated the arrhythmias in the tissue model. They got the same effect when they blocked CaMKII itself with the peptide AIP, a potent and selective CaMKII inhibitor. "The coupling of iPS technology and organs on chips offers new opportunities for studies in precision medicine and the benefit of patients," notes Parker. "Our vision is to use these technologies to screen patients with rare diseases for clinical trial enrollment. By replicating the patient's disease in vitro, we can test candidate therapies on the patient's disease and measure safety and efficacy, so that the right patients get tested with the right drug." (truncated below ...) Story Source: Materials provided by Boston Children's Hospital. Original written by Nancy Fliesler. Note: Content may be edited for style and length.  Journal Reference:  Insights into the Pathogenesis of Catecholaminergic Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia from Engineered Human Heart Tissue. Circulation, 2019. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------       Question:    Since it is NOT possible to take out patient's heart to do the experiment, the researchers then used "stem cell" approach: First, they took patient's __________ to generate the induced pluripotent stem cells (iPS). Then they converted the stem cells (iPS cells) into patient's __________ for the study.
Solve the following equation: Show your steps on scratch paper for full credit. 4x - 10 = 2(2x -5) Type in your answer in the box below.
Consideration must be legally sufficient.  Money, services and property are commonly thought of as adequate consideration.  Legally, consideration is thought of differently and may be:
Match the species to the description.
By the age of three, the normal child will have an expressive vocabulary of:
Perform the indicated operations and simplify the result so there are no quotients. +
Why did all of the F1 offspring of Mendel's classic flower color cross breeding experiment always look like one of the two parental varieties?
What does Mens Rea mean?
Figure 3.1   Using Figure 3.1, match the following   Produces ATP aerobically.
Identify the breed of dairy cattle described below: Adaptable to a wide range of climatic and geographical conditions, these cattle are tan with dark pigmentation. They are the smallest of the dairy breeds, but their milk has a greater nutritive content than milk produced by other breeds.
A patient has been determine to have a tapeworm infestation. How would you treat this?
Therapy that focuses on the quality of life, caregiver training and equipment needs for patients nearing their end of life (hospice) is considered:
This short term peptide regulator of appetite produces the sensation of satiety and stimulates the termination of eating.   What is its name?
Lin Company began operations on January 1, 2016 and uses the FIFO method in costing its raw material inventory. Management is contemplating a change to the Average Costing method and is interested in determining what effect such a change will have on net income. Accordingly, the following information has been developed:     Year   FIFO Net Income   Avg Cost Net Income   FIFO Retained Earnings (12/31)     2016   23,000   21,000   251,000     2017   15,000   14,500   254,000     2018   34,500   33,000   265,000     2019   31,000   30,000   361,000     2020   30,000   28,000   370,000       Based upon the above information, and ignoring income taxes, a change to the Average Costing method in 2020 would result in a correcting entry that includes a___________________ to Retained Earnings:
20.8 CLA 1 Good housekeeping directly minimizes the likelihood and severity of occurrence of workplace hazards
5. A client with chronic renal failure who is scheduled for hemodialysis this morning is due to receive a daily dose of Lopressor (Metoprolol). As a nurse you should plan to administer this medication:
You evaluate a new patient with a CC of Left shoulder pain. She is a 45-year-old woman who is self-referred to your private practice. Her pain began approximately 2 months ago when she moved into a new home. She attributes the pain to overuse from packing and lifting boxes. It has not been relieved with rest, however, and she is now having trouble sleeping. PMH/PSH: (-) Medications: birth control pills Family Hx: CAD, MI (father - deceased), breast cancer (mother - alive)  Social Hx: works in retail sales; married with 1 child aged 7 years Pain: 0-6/10 anterior Left shoulder. Pain increases with reaching above shoulder height, while sleeping. Pain decreases with keeping arm still by her side.   Considering the above case, what additional checklists of questions should you ask?
One of the most important grassroots tactics of interest groups is
