Match the following :
Sharp instruments are essential to the elimination of fatigue and stress on the clinician's hand, wrist, arm, and shoulders, which cause repetitive stress injuries (RSIs). Dull instruments that deviate from their original design, cause the clinician to apply additional force, resulting in increased lateral pressure, excess stroke repetitions, and a tightened grasp.
Cancer status specifies if the patient has evidence of cancer.
The bronchioles are the smallest of the conducting passageways in the lungs.
Sales Force Automation (SFA) is a key part of any CRM implementation. A key part of SFA is pipeline tracking. So, what is the difference between a pipeline and a sales forecast?
What document officially ended the American Revolution?
Which of the following is an example of a tangible benefit?
The nurse expects the initial plan of care of a 9-month old with acute otitis media to include
What is the title of this painting by Edvard Munch?
What are the DNA  nucleotides that are complementary to the following sense strand of RNA.  Label the 3' and 5' end. 5'-G  G  C     U  A  U    A  U  C    C  U  G    C  G  C    U  A U    A  C  G    C  U  A-3'
Question 21 (20 pts)  A trader enters into a long position of corn futures contract when the futures is trading at $3.62/bushel. The contract is for the delivery of 5,000 bushels. Suppose the trader holds the position till maturity. (1) What is the payoff of the trader at maturity if the futures price is FT? (plug in all the numbers) (2) What does the trader gain or lose if the corn price is $3.52 at maturity? (3) Draw the corresponding position diagram and mark the gain/loss in (2) on the diagram. (4) Suppose that instead of a long position, the trader enters into a short position (futures price and contract specifications are the same as before)(i) what is the payoff of the trader if the futures price is FT?(plug in all the numbers) (ii) What does the trader gain or lose if the corn price is $3.72 at maturity? (iii) Draw the corresponding position diagram and mark the gain/loss in (4)-(ii) on the diagram. Question 22 (10 pts) On March 1, 2021, a trader enters into a short position of corn futures contract (for 5,000 bushels) when the price is $3.80/bushel. He is required to deposit 10% of the contract's value as the initial margin. The maintenance margin is set at 70% of the initial margin?(1) (2 pts) What are the amounts of initial and maintenance margins? (2) (4 pts) Suppose the trader offsets his position on Mar. 5, 2021. The settlement prices during his holding period are in the following table. Will the trader get a margin call? If so, on which day and how much the trader needs to add into the margin account?     Mar 2 Mar 3 Mar 4 Mar 5   Settlement prices ($/bu) 3.85 4.00 3.85 3.80    (3) (4 pts) What is the final balance of the margin account by the end of trading on Mar. 5 (assume the trader never withdraws from the account)?  Question 23 (10 pts) The following table records the trades on oats futures (5,000 bushels) for three days.     Day 1 Trader A buys and trader B sells 2 contract at $3.70/bushel     Day 2 Trader C buys and trader D sells 2 contracts at $3.80/bushel     Day 3 Trader A sells and trader D buys 1 contract at $3.65/bushel        (1) (6 pts) Fill in the following table with traders' open interests/positions by the end of Day 3?     Long Short   A     B     C     D      (2) (4 pts) What are the total gains/losses for traders A and D? Question 24 (20 pts) (1) An investor pays the premium of $0.15/bushel a call option on corn futures with the strike price of $3.85/bushel.(i) (2 pt) What is the break-even price of this position? (ii) (4 pts) Write the payoff functions when futures price at maturity is above or below the strike price. (plug in all the numbers) (iii) (4 pts) Draw the position diagram for his position including strike price, break-even price, premium, labels for x and y axes. (2) An investor sells a put option with the strike price of $5.20 for $0.25.(i) (2 pts) What is the break-even price of this position? (ii) (4 pts) Write the payoff functions when futures price at maturity is above or below strike price. (ii) (4 pts) Draw the position diagram for his position including strike price, break-even price, premium, labels for x and y axes.
Complications with N2O are infrequent. Which statement best describes your treatment objectives if a complication is encountered?
For question 2, identify ONE (ONLY!) of the following quotations by **author AND work / title** (.5 points each for title of work and for author [if known; if no author for the work has been identified by experts, write "unknown" or "anonymous]).  Then discuss how and why the passage is thematically significant to the work as a whole (3 points).  Be sure that in explaining the thematic significance of the quotes you do not simply paraphrase them (repeat what they say in different words).  Also **be certain to write next to your answer the letter (a or b) corresponding to the quote that you select (a prerequisite for receiving credit).** a)  ". . . when the body is in silent steadiness, breathe rhythmically through the nostrils with a peaceful ebbing and flowing of breath.  The chariot of the mind is drawn by wild horses, and those wild horses have to be tamed.. . . .  Then the soul of man becomes a lamp by which he finds the Truth of Brahman.  Then he sees God, pure, never-born, everlasting; and when he sees God he is free from all bondage.  This is the God whose light illumines all creation, the Creator of all from the beginning.  He was, he is and for ever he shall be.  He is in all and he sees all." b)  ". . . when we argue that pleasure is the end and aim of life, we do not mean the pleasure of prodigals and sensualists . . . .  We mean the pleasure of being free from pain of body and anxiety of mind.  It is not a continual round of drunken debauches and lecherous delights . . . but sober reasoning, searching out the motives of choice and avoidance, and escaping the bondage of opinion, to which the greatest disturbances of spirit are due . . . . [the wise man] believes that what chance bestows is not the good and evil that determine a man's blessedness in life, but the starting-points from which each person can arrive at great good or great evil."  c)     " 'Oh, but doom will crush me. . . .    A father's hands are stained, / blood of a young girl streaks the altar.    Pain both ways and what is worse?    Desert the fleets, fail the alliance?    No, but stop the winds with a virgin's blood,    feed their lust, their fury? -feed their fury! -/ Law is law!. . . .'    And once he slipped his neck in the strap of Fate,     his spirit veering black, impure, unholy,    once he turned he stopped at nothing, / seized with the frenzy. . . ."   (4 points for Question #2)   Your answers to Question 2: Quote identifying (specify a, b, or c): author: work: Explain how and why the passage is thematically significant to the work as a whole:
Suppose below is a firm in a perfectly competitive market.      At a market price of ________, the firm will make zero economic profit.
Keynesian policy levers include:
The nurse is providing discharge teaching for a client who is post kidney transplant. Which of the following symptoms of transplant rejection would the nurse instruct the client to report immediately?
Vermont Company offers credit terms to its customers and they use the allowance method to estimate uncollectible accounts. The allowance for uncollectible accounts had a debit balance of $12,000 at the beginning of 2019. At the end of 2019, accounts receivable totaled $600,000 before adjusting following items: (a) $8,000 in receivables were written off during the year as uncollectible. And (b) $1,500 in cash was received in December from a customer whose account previously had been written off. The company estimates bad debts by applying a percentage of 5% to accounts receivable (after adjustments) at the end of the year. Prepare journal entries to record the collection of $1,500 for previously written off receivables.  First Journal entry Debit [account-3]  Credit [account-4] In the amount of $1,500.  Second Journal Entry Debit [account-5]  Credit [account-6] In the amount of $1,500.
Which is true of the foreign policy positions the US and the Soviet Union took during the Cold War?
QUESTION 1 - WRITING TASK 1         1.   Ecris un paragraphe de 60-75 mots pour te presenter. Tu DOIS utiliser ces mots. (Write a 60-75 words paragraph to introduce yourself. You MUST use these words.) *      mon anniversaire *      j'habite *      j'aime                   *      dans ma famille                            Right-click on this blue button to open the link in a new tab to access to French accents and special characters if you do not have them on your keyboard already. Copy and paste them where necessary.   (10)
The nurse is caring for the client who had jaw surgery performed early this morning. The nurse is asking the client  about their pain. The client responds, "I am not really having any pain, but I have got a dull ache all around my jaw that is really bad." How should the nurse best interpret this client's statement?
