Sebum:
BANKRECONCILIATION AND INTERNAL CONTROL         1.3   On 10 May 2010 Jaco came to the office to collect his cheque for the period that he has done work for Henk. The following conversation was between them             Henk   I cannot belief that you have left the reconciliation unbalanced and expected that I have to complete your work for you.              Jaco   What! Don't tell me that you have wasted your time trying to balance the bank reconciliation statement?  Your work is already demanding why must more effort be done              Henk   Do you want to tell me that it is right to leave the bank reconciliation unbalanced?              Jaco   Oh, I would only have changed a few figures to let it balance and then the owners will be happy. I think it is a waste of time!             Henk   With that attitude of yours I would not be surprise if you are experiencing cash flow problems.             1.3.1   With reference to this conversation explain to Jaco why is it important to do a bank reconciliation monthly.Name at least THREE reasons.   (6)                           While he had this conversation with Jaco, Henk realised that the bank charges are all of a sudden much higher during April. On closer examination he found that there has been a similar trend over the last three months. He has received a letter from the bank, four months ago, to inform him that as a result of legislation the bank charges were decreased. Henk has contacted the bank manager and learned that he is not the only client that has complained about it. They have accessed that one of their workers have added each month small amounts to the bank charges, which he has then put in his pocket. Up to date the bank assessed that this person has taken more than R100 000. He used it to pay for his sons' medical cost who was in a motor accident. Jaco says it is acceptable because it is only small amounts out of each person's bank account and the person(employee) is definitely in need - we have to look at it as part of our service to the community.             1.3.2   Do you agree with Jaco's opinion? Give TWO reasons.   (5)         1.3.3   If you were the bank manager in this case, how would you handle this situation?  State TWO steps that you would have taken.   (4)                 [53]
I hereby affirm that I am taking this test with Honesty and Integrity and according the standards set by my instructor and Victoria College. I also affirm that all of the work on this test is entirely my own and that I am receiving no help from anyone else or any outside sources other than those specified by my instructor.
Which of the following organs located in the abdomen is considered a solid organ?
What was the Espionage Act?  When was it enacted?  What actions did it make a crime?  What was the punishment (2 things)?   What is the connection with the American Protective League?
By which method can large substances cross the endothelial cells and exit a capillary?
Which of the following would NOT be included in the conversion cost of an automobile?
Gout is cause by increased levels of potassium in the blood causing crystals to form in the joint space of the great toe.
Important nuclei of the indirect (multineuronal) system that receive impulses from the equilibrium apparatus of the inner ear and help to maintain balance by varying muscle tone of postural muscles are the ________.
Which of the following is the primary purpose of the National League for Nursing?
A 45-year old individual that played football all his life is showing signs of confusion and memory loss. If you were to examine his brain, what would you expect to find?
Since the 2002 election, what has been the partisan makeup of the Texas legislature?
What type of epithelium lines the urinary bladder and is capable of distention?
Which of the following types of milk is made from a complete protein source and is an acceptable substitution of regular milk?
True or False: The Online Disinhibition Effect is the phenomenon where people feel more free when communicating in-person compared to online.
Which of the following represents an empirical formula?
Which of the following is not true of a standardized distribution of z scores?
Post test analysis. 1.  What grade do you think you earned on this test? 2.  What topic/type of question were you prepared to answer, but did not see on this test? 3.  Anything else you want to share? When you are done with the test, click the submit button.  That will log you out of the test and Honorlock.  At that point, please scan and upload your written work to the Test#2 Assignment folder in D2L.
Marcus was injured in a basketball accident. X-ray examination showed a fracture underlying his left brachial deformity. What part of his body was injured?
Fountain Plus Inc., a manufacturer of bottled water products, has had rapid growth in sales of one of its flavored water products, Xtrafresh, for which it has a patent, which expired recently. It now faces fierce competition from many other existing bottled water products manufacturers in the case of Xtrafresh. a.  As a manufacturer competing in the market for bottled water products, what type of a market did Fountain Plus Inc. compete in before and after the patent expired? Explain why.  b. What two possible outcomes do you see for this company now that its patent on Extrafresh has expired?
