The next 8 questions (43-50) are fill in the blank.  Match the blanks with the best possible answer from the drop down list. Each answer will only be used once (you may need to use the scroll bar to view all possible choices). Two points for each correctly answered question.    There are 2 extra word choices so be careful with your selection. You may use scratch paper to keep track of your previously selected answers.
Destructive fights often start because the initiator confronts a partner who isn't ready for a confrontation.
Which of the following changes occurring in today's economy has not been caused by the growth of the Internet?
Match the following for 34-38: A. Filum Terminale B. Cauda Equina C. Lumbar Enlargement D. Conus Medullaris E. Cervical Enlargement
Figure 2: Using Figure 2, match Numbers 23-29 to the most appropriate letter on the diagram above: NOTE: Fill in all appropriate letters on the corresponding line!
Find the value of the test statistic z for the following problem using z =  .A claim is that more than 25% of adults prefer Italian food as their favorite ethnic food. A Harris Interactive survey of 1122 adults resulted in 314 who say that Italian food is their favorite ethnic food.
Ethambutol inhibits incorporation of mycolic acid into cell walls; therefore, it is effective against
Diction can have emotional value
A nurse is preparing to administer cefazolin 1 g in 100 mL 0.9% sodium chloride to infuse over 30 min.  The drop factor of the manual IV tubing is 15 gtt/mL.  The nurse should set the manual IV infusion to deliver how many gtt/min?
All of the following are expected skills of an Elizabethan actor (during Shakespeare's lifetime) EXCEPT
A series of punishments that become more severe with each subsequent act of wrongdoing.
A 44-year-old man underwent a visual examination of the tracheobronchial tree, in which the physician used a:
The custodian of the legal health record is the
Find the generation time of a bacterial culture after 4 hours if the initial cell number is 2 x 106 and the final cell number is 3 x 108 (round to two significant figures).
27. Which of the following is true? i)
In the United States, table salt provides which of the following minerals?
Use the accompanying Venn diagram that shows the number of elements in regions I through IV to answer the question.How many elements belong to set B but not set A?
The pain reliever codeine is a weak base: Cod-(aq) + H2O(l)  =   HCod(aq) + OH-(aq)              Kb = 1.6x10-6 What is the pH of a 0.05 M aqueous codeine, Cod-(aq),  solution?
Which president persuaded Congress to create an independent national treasury in 1840?
The physician removes 1 mL of CSF from a 2-year-old patient and immediately puts it into a properly labeled, single sterile tube. The technician delivers the STAT specimen to:
