L, M, and N form a LLC. Under the operating agreement L is entitled to $37,000 each year for her services, which are ordinary in nature and performed in her capacity as a member owner. L's share of the LLC profits and losses, after deduction of the services payment, is one third. The LLCs current year income, before deduction of the $37,000 payment to L, consisted of $14,800 of ordinary income and $55,500 of long-term capital gain. All members and the LLC use the calendar year as their taxable years. L is a cash method taxpayer, and the LLC uses the accrual method. Considering all of these transactions how much net ordinary income (loss) does L report? Note: make sure to net all ordinary income and loss together as a result of these transactions.
A patient presents with a bilateral headache that feels like a tight band around his head. He denies any vomiting, photophobia or phonophobia. Select the most likely headache that's occurring:
The part of the hydrologic cycle in which water soaks into the ground is called:
Select all four of the characteristics that apply to the following phoneme:  /b/  You must have all of the correct answers selected, no more, no less, in order to get credit for the question.
Suppose two input lines (A, B) implement the "Take the Ticket Algorithm" to send packets to three output lines (1, 2, 3). Consider the following scenario:  Input line A has packets queued for output 1, then output 2, and then output 3. Input line B has packets queue for output 3, then output 1, and then output 2. Does head-of-line blocking occur?
The physician prescribed hydromorphone 5 mg intramuscularly for pain for a client with renal calculi.  The nurse preparing the medication and finds a multiple dose vial that indicated hydromorphone 2mg/mL for intramuscular use.  How much hydromorphone should the nurse administer to the client?
Different lamps might have batteries connected in either of the two arrangements shown in the Figure. What would be the advantages of each scheme?
A nurse partners with multiple agencies in the community to create a support group for those diagnosed with addiction in the community. Which of the following levels of prevention is being implemented?
The core of every virus particle always contains _____.
In order for an APC to activate a T cell under normal circumstances, signal 1 must occur and there must also be either signal 2 or signal 3. What is signal 1?
Which of the following statements regarding fluid and electrolytes is TRUE?
__________ refers to the orientation of the lead lines relative to one another.
The principle role for sugars in living things is to
In the circuit above, if  burnt out and became an open circuit, how would the current in supplied by the battery change, if at all?  Explain your answer in a sentence or two.
Essay -  If prokaryotes were unable to convert nitrogen gas into ammonia or nitrate, how would life on Earth be different than it is today? (Hint - 3 detailed sentence minimum)
The client has been prescribed acetaminophen.  Which information is important for the nurse to include in teaching about this medication?
A car is traveling at a speed of [s2] m/s. What is its speed in kilometers per hour (a.k.a. km/hr)?
Which of the following secrete pepsinogen activator?
In one to two sentences, explain the term mandated reporter and how it relates to the Emergency Medical Responder.
As a cell increases in size, which of the following is NOT true?
