A survey to determine mobile phone preferences was given to 180 people.  These are the responses:         Apple   Android   Blackberry     Female   45   25   10     Male   30   50   20       Part 1:  If one respondent is selected at random, find the probability that they are male OR prefer Android phones. [or]   Part 2:  If one respondent is selected at random, find the probability that they prefer Apple phones AND they are female. [given]
Coaching--being trained by a superior or a consultant--is usually the most effective and direct way to develop managers.
The nurse is caring for the 11-year-old girl below. The patient is 8 hours post op. Post operative care for this child will include: Select all that apply.
The sworn virgins of Albania are treated by people in their society as
Students shoud hand out three business cards to clients and ask for referrals of their friends, neighbors, associates, and relatives every________ visit.
The classic experiments conducted by Meselson and Stahl demonstrated that DNA replication is accomplished by employing a ________________ mechanism.
Pharma, Quitox and Renal are drug manufacturers. In a suit against all of these parties in which market-share liability is imposed, most likely to be liable are:
Factor the polynomial using the greatest common binomial factor.    ***Complete and correct step by step work must be shown on paper with ANSWER BOXED IN.  Then upload picture of work for me to grade (must be jpeg or pdf file upload).x(y - 8) - 12(y - 8)
Consider the concentric spherical conductors arranged as shown in the figure below. Each of the dimensions for the conductors are given in terms of the length a. Assume the cavity between the conductors is initially a vacuum. Clearly justify all of your answers to the following questions.    a) Calculate the capacitance for the arrangement of conductors shown in the figure. Your answer should be written in terms of a number and a. b) For the rest of this problem use a = 0.0022 m. Calculate the capacitance of the spherical conductors for a = 0.0022 m. c) A 28 V battery is connected between the inner and outer conductors. How much charge develops on each of the conductor surfaces? While the battery is connected to the capacitor, the vacuum seal starts to leak filling the cavity with a gas that increases the permittivity to 2.08x10-10 C2/Nm2.  Answer the following questions concerning the effect of the dielectric. d) How much energy is stored by the capacitor with a dielectric? e) What is the new charge on the conductors? f) Now the battery is disconnected from the capacitor. If the dielectric gas is removed from in between the conductors, then calculate how much energy is now stored by the capacitor? part a) 1. Complete the following statement concerning how to calculate capacitance using the drop-down options In order to calculate the capacitance you must first put a [blank1] on the conductors in order to calculate the [blank2] between the two conductors so the [blank3] can be determined by performing a line integral.
What is a benefit of network convergence?
1. When assessing a patient's lungs, what should the nurse recall about the left lung?
Match muscle with its action or location
During mismatch repair, a mismatch is recognized and then the strand that was most recently synthesized is removed and replaced.  Explain how prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells can determine which strand was most recently synthesized.
23-25) Use the text below to answer questions 23-25.  Dr. Miller is interested in the relationship between binge watching television shows (i.e., watching all the episodes of a series over a very short period of time) and feelings of loneliness.  Dr. Miller recruits a random sample of 1000 participants.  He first asks the participants to indicate how many television shows they have binge-watched over the past year.  He then asks the participants to fill out a survey that measures their feelings of loneliness. He plots his results and sees the following graph:  23) What type of method has Dr. Miller utilized?
Under Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) guidelines, a bona fide occupation qualification (BFOQ) may be used when there is a legitimate need for authenticity such as for the part of a female in a theater or film production.
Assume that a prefix is hijacked. Which of the following secure communication properties can potentially be by impacted as a result of the hijacking? Select all that apply.
?Que pacientes deben hablar con su medico antes de tomar pastillas Netol?
The physician orders Phenergan 20 mg IM from an available solution of 25 mg/mL.  How many mLs will you administer?
Which of the following substances was found in many herbal supplements until it was banned in 2003?
29. Uncontrolled type 2 diabetes can lead to insulin insufficiency due to   glucose toxicity and/or oxidative stress in beta cells of the pancreas causing it to be dysfunctional, therefore, some type 2 diabetics will require insulin therapy.
