Men Women Total   Democrats 34 16 50   Republicans 42 8 50   Total 76 24 100    The table above characterizes the 100 senators currently in the US Senate. Please answer the following questions using this table: In how many ways can 6-person subcommittee be established with exactly 4 women?
Factor completely:  (x+5)2(x-6)-(x+5)(x-6)2{"version":"1.1","math":"(x+5)2(x-6)-(x+5)(x-6)2"}
Note: FRQ 1 has three parts: Part (a), Part (b), and Part (c). Show your work. In this section you answer Part (B).  [FRQ1 PART (B) - The information below was copied and pasted from Part (A)] Etude Corp. began operations in 2020. The company sometimes sells used warehouses on an installment basis. In those cases, Etude reports income in its income statement in the year of the sale. In its income tax return, though, Etude reports installment income by the installment method. Installment income in 2020 was $90,000, which Etude expects to collect equally over the next three years.  Etude's first year of operations also led to an accrued loss of $100,000 for financial reporting purposes because of pending litigation. This amount is not tax-deductible until the period the loss is realized, which the company estimates to be next year. The tax rate is 30%, but based on an enacted law, is scheduled to become 35% in 2021. Etude's pretax accounting income from the 2020 income statement was $830,000, which includes $40,000 of interest revenue from an investment in municipal bonds. There were no differences between accounting income and taxable income other than those described above.    [REQUIRED] What is the company's effective tax rate in 2020?
Using the table below: Fill in A thru F (3 points total)
For the medial ankle sprain, forceful ROM in which direction should be avoided in the inflammatory stage of healing?
True or False: Do not use the "scarcity" or "reciprocity" strategy as an emotional appeal in a persuasive message to U.S. readers.
The yellow coiled structure is a protein named
For each of the following questions, provide a 1-2 paragraph response that fully answers the questions posed. Your responses will be graded for structure, grammar, and content.    Compare and contrast the views of Booker T. Washington and W.E.B. DuBois in regards to the subjects of racial equality, African-American social advancement in America, and the best methods to achieve both.  Be sure to provide some biographical information on each man.
You are assessing the DMFT score for your patient. She is missing her first premolars due to orthodontics and her third molars. She has 3 filled teeth. After the dentist does the exam, the patient is told she has 2 carious lesions. What is the patient's DMFT score?
A Caucasian couple came into the clinic for genetic counseling, as they were thinking about starting a family. Although they both had normal phenotypes, the woman's older sister died from complications of cystic fibrosis (CF). CF was not present among relatives of her husband. The frequency of CF is approximately 1/2500 Caucasian newborns.  Which of the following is the best estimate of the chance that this couple will have a child affected with CF?    A 2/3   B 1/4   C 1/150   D 1/200   E 1/300   F 1/2500
Deaf students from Gallaudet University wanted a hearing president to run the institution.
Factor by grouping.x3 + 7x2 - 10x - 70
Identify this device. What size is it?
Name the structure #8:
Cell B   What is the haploid number of the organism from which Cell B was taken?   To answer this question, just type in the number.
One model of culture is based on a tripartite model of three cultural prototypes: face, dignity, and honor. People in high ________ cultures seek to maintain group harmony and not insult others. Communication in these cultures is highly context dependent, meaning that people do not bluntly make requests or demands, but rather signal information subtly.
In the US, getting a driver's license has long been considered a rite of passage for teenagers, but this generation is waiting longer to do it. Some teens claim they can get around fine without a license, others cite the high cost of driving, and others say social media makes it easy to interact with friends without leaving home. Even though younger drivers have the highest rates of accidents, waiting to drive until you are older does not inherently make you a safer driver. The graduated licensing process that requires 15-17 year olds to drive with certain restrictions and adult supervision for their first year does not apply after age 18, which means older new licensees might be more inexperienced than younger ones. Match each of the five situations below with the parameter of interest - you should use each one only once.  In their first year of driving, one in five 16-year-old drivers has an accident. [oneprop] Nowadays only around 60 percent of those between the ages of 17 and 19 are licensed to drive, compared to 80 percent of teens back in the 1980's. [twoprop] For the average family, adding a teen driver almost doubles their car insurance rates. [matchedpairs] The average cost of insuring a teen driver is considerably lower for females than males. [twomeans] In other countries people start driving at a much older age. In the UK, the average age for new drivers is 26. [onemean]
2.  Following removal of the larynx, an individual?  Which is FALSE?   A. can learn esophageal speech B. can cough through a tracheal opening called a "stoma" C. can smell, taste & sneeze normally D. can take a shower or cautiously bathe E. can swallow food but must chew their food well
Intelligence
A stage of development in plants from the time a seed absorbs water until the plant is self-sustaining is referred to as
