Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.     His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together.   The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions.   For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse.   The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle.    Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life.   The communication between the nervous system and skeletal muscle that allows for conscious control of skeletal muscle is called the
Smoking has been shown to cause cancer, among other medical conditions. A philosopher is considering the moral question of whether or not to smoke. On one hand, the philosopher would really prefer to smoke, and personally approves of smoking. On the other hand, the philosophers knows that the personal long-term consequences of smother are worse than the short-term gains. Which two ethical values are in tension?
If 49.00 mL of acetic acid was titrated using 0.340M NaOH solution.  The solution turned faint pink after adding 21.06 mL of NaOH.  What is the molarity of the acetic acid?
Lectures noted that both North and South enthusiastically supported the Compromise of 1850.
In Nietzsche's analysis of the creation of Christian morality, he argues that Jesus took the moral value structure of the Roman's "Good vs Bad" (i.e. strong vs weak) and inverted it into "Good vs Evil" (i.e. sacred vs sinful), thus flipping morality on its head. True or False?
10. Which of the following individuals have the highest score on the Epworth Sleepiness Scale?
Singapore, England, Denmark, and the U.S. are examples of countries that have a low uncertainty avoidance
How much are the total Other Expenses and Income?
Same view as Question 13. [A] = structure labeled A, [B] = artery labeled B, [C] = is the blood flowing inside C deoxygenated or oxygenated?
The scientific study of human development can best be described as
The resistance of a material to scratching or indentation is known as the material's flow.
The standard instrument used to measure pressure.
Which is considered the most effective way to allow clients to express their real selves without categories imposed on them by the interviewer?
Name the vessels labeled A (Please make sure to indicate whether it is an artery or vein by including artery or vein in the name, and if necessary right or left.)
Orwell provides a list of rules to aid in curing the English language. What is the final rule?
Which of the following combinations is NOT a combination of possible positive, negative and  imaginary roots for the polynomial function P(x)= x3-5x2-40x+50.
There are __ cervical, ___ thoracic and___ lumbar vertebra in the normal human body.
You will use the following information for this question. You are managing a farm in the Intermountain West and you are concerned about the potential drought, and you are deciding whether to alter your crop mix and plant some more drought tolerant crops.  Unfortunately, those crops tend to not yield as much as your current crop mix if moisture is sufficient.  You look at past irrigation supply data to decide how often irrigation supplies are reduced versus normal or above normal irrigation supplies.  You then do some enterprise budget and partial budget analyses for adding the new crop or doing nothing.  You estimate the following payoff matrix.             Management Action     Irrigation water supply   Probability   Add new crop (returns over variable costs)   Do nothing (returns over variable costs)         Normal to above normal   0.60   $432,700   $452,500         Below normal   0.40   $405,900   $387,700         Expected Value       $421,980   $426,980         27. If you are a risk averse manager and decide to choose a maxi-min strategy, which action would you choose?
What type of cholinergic receptor is more prevalent in the PNS (peripheral nervous system)?
When analyzing an ABG sample from a patient with acute respiratory distress syndrome and refractory hypoxemia, you notice a PaO2 of 141 mm Hg and a PaCO2 of 14 mm Hg. Which of the following analytic errors should you suspect?
