hrTSAh
Solve the following problem on paper and scan and upload your solution as a pdf. Solutions must be clearly readable for full credit. Show your work. Show units in your answers. Show any formulas used. Report final answers with accuracy of two decimal places, unless answer is an exact whole number. Round up or down as appropriate for whole machines or workers. 2. (5 pt.) Apply the rank order clustering technique to the part-machine incidence matrix in the following table to identify logical part families and machine groups. Parts are identified by letters, and machines are identified numerically. Show all steps' matrices. State the part families and associated machine groups.         Parts     Machines   A   B   C   D   E   F     1       1       1       1     2   1       1                 3       1       1             4   1               1         5               1       1     6           1       1
Where do the light reactions tale place in the chloroplast?
When using goniometry in assessing ROM in shoulder abduction, which of the following is used as the axis or fulcrum point?
Which type of meteorite contains carbon and organic material?
There are 37 students in my college algebra class. Twenty one students are sophomores, and the rest are freshmen. Write a ratio that represents the number of freshmen to sophomores.
When a data value is converted to a standardized scale representing the number of standard deviations the data value lies from the mean, we call the new value a
Which [Linux command] can be used to create a new directory (also known as a sub-directory or folder) in the network's file system? Assume: assume the command is being executed from a terminal that has Linux commands enabled and that the user has permission to write to the location of the new directory.  Include only the command name and not any additional options or the directory name. Type the one word answer in this box.
Which entity has taken primary responsibility for the care of the mentally ill over the past century in the U.S.?
Which of the following statements correctly describes the malware characteristic of polymorphism?
Which key(s) can you use to enter data into memory?
Which of these factors limits the usefulness of the World Wide Web as a source of information for research consumers?
Lectura.  Read the note from a travel agent to his clients, then answer the questions.   Sres. Forero: Al mediodia van a llegar al hotel Dorado.  Este hotel les va a encantar.  Yo me quede alli cuando fui a Iquitos el mes pasado.  Su habitacion tiene ventanas con vista (view) al rio Amazonas (Amazon River).  Los cuartos de bano no son muy grandes, pero son comodos.  Tienen ducha, un lavabo y un espejo grande.  Por la tarde, pueden comer o en el restaurante El Dorado o en el cafe Recuerdos, que esta cerca del hotel.  Tambien, si les interesa la historia, pueden visitar el Museo Amazonico.  A las ocho de la noche, Diego Gutierrez va a encontrarse (meet) con ustedes pra llevarlos a cenar a un restaurante en la Plaza de Armas.  Luego les voy a dar el itinerario (itinerary) para los otros dias de su viaje.   Hasta pronto, Manuel Pena Agente de viajes 1. [1] ?Adonde van los senores Forero? 2. [2] ?Por que Manuel conoce Iquitos? 3. [3] ?Que tiene la habitacion de los senores Forero? 4. [4] ?Donde pueden comer? 5. [5] ?Que va a hacer Diego Gutierrez? 6. [6] ?Donde van a cenar?
In our professional and personal life, internal stress  can be generated by having a negative attitude, setting unrealistic goals, having poor time management, and  lacking problem solving abilities
From the measurement and outcomes reading, what type of reliability is it when a student compares their goniometric reading to their CIs?
The gauchos and portenos represented the social divisions in which country?
After inoculating your blood agar plate you place it in the incubator. Upon taking the plate out of the incubator you observe your bacteria has grown and turned your plate a dark brownish green color. You conclude the hemolytic activity of this organism to be _______.
The following space can be used as virtual scratch paper.
Pneumothorax (a collapsed lung) results in air escaping the lungs into the pleural cavity or intrapleural space due to a rupture of what outer structure of the lung?
For the given speed-tractive effort curve, why is the curve limited at 90,000 pounds?
