Questions 29 and 30 pertain to the following scenario: The nurse is caring for a client in the home setting and has the following data from the medical history, assessment observations, client statements, family input, and the environment.      The client is 84 years old and has a medical history of heart disease, three falls over the last month, and respiratory difficulty, for which she was hospitalized 9 days ago.  She was discharged yesterday afternoon. The client is appropriate and attentive during the interview; she is dressed in sweats and her hair is uncombed. She is very talkative, so much that the nurse has trouble inserting questions into the conversation. Hospital documentation states the client was disoriented to person, place, and time while admitted to the hospital.  Today she knows where she is, who the nurse is, but takes a minute to recollect the day of the week. The client's vital signs are as follows: oral temperature 98.4 degrees Fahrenheit/37 degrees Celsius; pulse 78 and irregular; respiratory rate 25 breaths per minute; BP 110/72. The client is staying with her daughter, who moved to this dwelling six weeks ago. Ordinarily, the client lives in her own home, where she as resided since 1952.   Which information is relevant to include when documenting the client's orientation?
A client is being admitted to the in-patient psychiatric unit with a diagnosis of bulimia nervosa. The nurse would expect this client to fall within which age range?
Planktonic organisms that have photosynthetic pigments and have the ability to consume other organisms
In rabbits, if B = black (dominant) and b = white, which of these genotypes could a white rabbit have?
What is the best intervention for fever of unknown origin?
Factory work was a cornerstone of the industrial economy of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.  Which of following was TRUE about these new systems of labor?
Depressed, stressed, and/or anxious dieters typically gain weight, but people who are depressed, stressed, and/or anxious and NOT dieting typically lose weight. What explains this?
What happens if a child has a defect in the GJB2 gene?
What is the single greatest cause of the worldwide loss of species from the planet?
Find the measure of each unknown angle in triangle ABC.[?]A = (50 - x)deg, [?]B = (9x - 40)deg
Which of the following characterizes the BM in the prefibrotic stage (p-CIMF) of CIMF according to the World Health Organization (WHO)?
Below is a PDF of your test. Work problems on your own paper, in order, clearly labeling each problems as you go. After you finish the PDF test, there are two multiple choice questions (below) that you must answer. Good luck!If you have any trouble during your exam, email  both Ms. C and Dr. Gee at monicac@stedwards.edu & carolg@stedwards.edu. 1324Exam2verF_s21.pdf
The function of a bursa is to
A patient who is 5 weeks post-right middle cerebral artery infarct presents for rehabilitation with the primary goal of regaining use of the left upper extremity that is in stage 2 of motor recovery. Given this presentation, which of the following activities should be done FIRST on the involved upper extremity?
Name the structural unit of spongy bone?
In vasodilation, where muscles in the vessel wall are relaxed, the central lumen is __________.
A vein that carries blood from one capillary network to another is called a what?
What is the domain name system (DNS)?
A stream erodes material from its banks and bed by:
Consider a utility maximization model in which the consumer is deciding how much to consume of food and non-food (there are no other goods available). Suppose there is a reduction in the price of food while the consumer's income and the price of non-food stay the same, which of the following statements is true?
