Japanese Guts Are Made for Sushi   Americans don't have the guts for sushi. At least that's the implication of a new study, which finds that Japanese people harbor enzymes in their intestinal bacteria that help them digest seaweed--enzymes that North Americans lack. What's more, Japanese may have first acquired these enzymes by eating bacteria that thrive on seaweed in the open ocean. Mirjam Czjzek didn't set out to compare cross-cultural eating habits. Instead, the chemist at the Station Biologique de Roscoff, on the coast of Brittany in France, was interested in what it takes to digest a piece of seaweed. Unlike in land plants, the carbohydrates that make up seaweed are spangled with molecules of sulfur, so special enzymes are needed to break them down. To figure out exactly which enzymes are necessary, Czjzek and colleagues embarked on what she calls "treasure-hunting in the marine bacterial genome." The researchers focused on Zobellia galactanivorans, a marine bacterium known to munch on seaweed. The hunt turned up five genes in Z. galactanivorans that seemed to code for enzymes that could break down the particular carbohydrates found in the marine algae. When the researchers transferred these genes to another bacterium forced to eat seaweed carbohydrates, they found that two genes were particularly active. Czjzek wondered where else these genes might be lurking. So she used a computational method known as BLAST to scan vast banks of metagenomic data--the genomes of bacteria gathered from the environment--for sequences that matched up with the two Z. galactanivorans genes. That's when the surprise came. "They were all, except one, from marine bacteria," Czjzek says. "The one exception ... came from human gut samples." The bacterium in question is known as Bacteroides plebeius, and it has been found only in Japanese people. Wondering whether the enzymes were unique to Japanese individuals, Czjzek's team compared the microbial genomes of 13 Japanese people with those of 18 North Americans. Five of the Japanese subjects harbored the enzyme, but among the North Americans, "we didn't find a single one," says Czjzek, whose team reports its findings tomorrow in Nature. How did the genes for seaweed digestion end up in the bacteria of the Japanese gut?  Describe two possible mechanisms.
You are at a trivia night with your friends Jay and Jessi. You know them both well, but they've never met each other before tonight and don't know anything about each other. You know that Jay isn't a particularly good student overall, but he absolutely loves Presidential history and knows tons about former US Presidents. One of the trivia categories just happens to be on Presidential history and Jay answers every question correctly. Jessi comments that Jay must be very smart and have an encyclopedic memory of all aspects of history. What error did Jessi make?
41.    Which velocity graph shows the car reversing direction?
A client has an impairment of cranial nerve II.  Specific to this impairment, the nurse would plan to do which of the following to ensure client safety?
Find the line that is parallel to the line
A _____________ epithelium consists of a single layer of flattened cells attached directly to a basement membrane.
Identify the TISSUE indicated by the bracket.
The actions of prostaglandins are typically localized near where they are produced. What type of communication is this?
Gathering competitive intelligence
Which of the following reasons was put forth by Woodrow Wilson as a reason for the United States to stay out of World War I after the sinking of the Lusitania?
A patient has just returned to their hometown from a hiking/camping vacation, and is experiencing symptoms of an infection: high fever, swollen lymph nodes, black-and-blue marks or hemorrhages under the skin.   A doctor on the treating medical team asks her if she has been in the four corners area of the U.S.--where the states of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, and Utah all meet.  Why does the doctor ask her this?
Which of the following nitrogen containing bases is NOT associated with DNA?
Which of the following drugs do/does NOT cause hypoglycemia when administered alone? Check all that apply.
CO2 enters and O2 escapes from a leaf via
Phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate (PIP2) is cleaved into second messenger(s):
A situation or statement characterized by a significant difference between what is expected or understood and what actually happens or is meant
The charges are listed correctly on line 24 F.
The 2009 revival of the 1950s musical West Side Story was remarkable because
After reading the scenario, select the best answers from the dropdown menus: Rats were exposed to water that was flavored with sugar, and water that was presented with a buzzing sound. Following drinking the two waters, the rats were either shocked or nauseated. Using the dropdowns below, identify which consequence was more readily associated with each type of water. The 'sweet' water flavored with sugar: [blank1] The 'noisy' water accompanied with sound: [blank2]
Which of the following types of gloves is the best suited for rescue operations?
