On January 15, 2014, Julliard Corp. purchased 150,000 shares of Yale Inc. directly from one of the founders for a price of $30 per share. Yale has 600,000 shares outstanding, including the Julliard shares.  On July 5, 2014, Yale paid $350,000 in total dividends to its shareholders. On December 31, 2014, Yale reported a net income of $875,000 for the year. Julliard uses the equity method in accounting for its investment in Yale. what was the purchase price Julliard paid for Yale?
The mean of the sampling distribution of a proportion is the same as the population proportion p.
This question is a bonus, worth 5 points.  Show your work to get full credit. Your research team has discovered a new species of plant in the wilds of Mongolia that produces cotton-like fibrous seed pods that have potential as a textile material.  You have named it the cottontail plant, since the pods resemble the caudal appendage of that eponymous animal.  Interestingly, the cottontail plant's genome is divided into only two pairs of chromosomes, each of which are very large.  Different individuals of the plant display a large degree of genetic variation at each locus, and certain alleles would be exceedingly favorable towards use of the polysaccharide fibers in textiles. B = big: this dominant growth factor receptor causes the seed pods to grow to a diameter of 5cm b = small: a mutation in the growth factor receptor reduces the size of the pods to 2cm T = tight: a promoter mutation induces the binding of an inappropriate transcription factor, activating a gene that creates cross-links between polysaccharide chains, making the fibers difficult to separate t = fluffy: the wild-type promoter for the cross-linking enzyme ensures that the gene is not expressed in the pods G = glossy: a carbohydrate-modifying enzyme adds amino groups to random monosaccharides in the fibers, causing the fibers to reflect light g = dull: a chromosomal inversion introduced a CpG island close to the promoter of the enzyme; methylation of the island induced heterochromatin formation that interferes with expression   In order to map the locations of these three genes, a plant that is bbTTGG was crossed with one that is BBttgg.  The resulting trihybrids were crossed with the triple recessive and the following offspring were typed and counted:     Phenotype   Small tight glossy   Small tight dull   Small fluffy glossy   Small fluffy dull   Big fluffy dull   Big fluffy glossy   Big tight dull   Big tight glossy   Total     Number of Offspring   375   45   90   5   325   75   80   5   1000       Map the relative locations of the three genes, indicating distances between the loci.
Which of the following would describe nonelectrolytes?
Most of the health problems in bulimia arise from:
Gingival enlargement refers to the position of the free gingival margin.
What phase of the ovarian cycle do new ovarian follicles begin to develop again because of a decrease in progesterone and rise in FSH?
All of the following medications are typically administered to post CVA clients, EXCEPT:
Where is the popliteal pulse located?
Ulcerative Colitis tends to uniformly involve the distal colon and superficial tissue layers whereas, (2)Crohn's disease tends to involve the deep tissue layers near the junction of the ileum and colon and can be patchy.
Answer all the questions on scratch paper.  Please reproduce the table order - you do not need the grid but please show # valences electrons , Lewis structure, etc. on one line so that I know what answer goes with which molecule or ion.  SHOW ALL WORK ON THE SCRATCH PAPER.  Show all work or receive no credit Show work to webcam upon completion of this problem.  You will be asked to scan all your work at the end of the exam.  Thanks. Write the number of valence electrons of IF4-1 in the text box.
What is [x] + [y]?
Which of the following represents the strongest acidic solution?
The function f : R [?] R defined by f(x) = x3 + 3x2 - x + 7 is O(x2).
HIERDIE IS 'N EKSTRA "FILE UPLOAD" ANTWOORD VIR INDIEN DAAR FOUT GAAN MET ENIGE ANTWOORD BLOKKE IN DIE VRAESTEL. MAAK SLEGS HIERVAN GEBRUIK INDIEN GEEN ANDER MANIER WERK NIE. DUI DUIDELIK AAN WATTER AFDELING, NOMMER EN ONDERWERP DIT IS.
What structure anchors to the spinal cord to the coccyx and is considered part of the pia mater of the spinal cord?
Which of the following symptoms are characteristic of ADHD?  Select all that apply.Put letters in alphabetical order, no commas, no spaces. A) enuresisB) inattentivenessC) encopresisD) over-activityE) impulsiveness
What is the order of increasing heat of hydrogenation?
How did Harlow Shapley use the period-luminosity relationship of RR Lyrae variables to determine the size of the Milky Way galaxy?
The policy for students repeating unsatisfactory radiographs is ALWAYS under INDIRECT supervision
