Questions 1-20 are worth 1 point each.
INSTRUCTIONS         1.   The answers you provide to the question paper, must be your own original work. No copying from any source is allowed.         2.   This question paper consists of TWO SECTIONS               SECTION A: Comprehension AND Language in context   (30)         SECTION B: Summary        (10)     3.   Answer BOTH sections         4.   Pay special attention to spelling and sentence construction.         5.   Suggested time allocation: SECTION A: 40 MINUTES SECTION B: 20 MINUTES
Sawyer Company's comparative Balance Sheet at December 31, 2020 reports the following (in millions):     2020 2019   Total Assets 50 40   Total Liabilities 35 23     During 2020, Sawyer Company paid dividends in the amount of $9 million and issued $12 million   of common stock.  Calculate the amount of net income (loss) that Sawyer Company should report on its 2020 income statement?
A scientist made a salt buffer (Phosphate buffered saline in water) with a pH of 9. However, the scientist needs a buffer with a pH of 7.4;  otherwise, the eukaryotic cells in culture will die. What should the researcher use to adjust the buffer pH to 7.4?  Hint: Scientist does not want to add large volumes or add additional atoms/molecules to the buffer? Hint 2: Saline is another name for 0.9% Sodium Chloride solution. Hint 3: What makes a strong acid or base versus a weak acid or base??
Quiz 4: Mediants, Submediants, and Subtonic AUDIO LINK for section III. Complete the quiz and submit.
Which of the following uses coded language to mask a person's underlying racist ideology?
The area outlined by red is which of the following?
Using Naegele's Rule, calculate the EDD for a woman whose LMP was February 10, 2021.
A nurse asks if the patient is allergic to penicillin before the first dose of the cephalosporin is given. The rationale for this question is that the person allergic to penicillin ______
BONUS:  LISTENING:  Listen to this song.   Who wrote it?
Proteins that must link up with a cofactor to function as an enzyme are called:
The artificial manipulation of genes within a particular species or between a species is known as:
The term "retail host" refers to which type of branded food and beverage outlet?
There is a significant difference between the average reaction speeds in the groups given a caffeine supplement vs the control group.
The speed at which a neural impulse travels is increased when the axon is encased by a(n)
1.00 mole of O2 contains the same number of oxygen atoms as
Which variable is commonly used to indicate standard deviation of a population?
Which of the following statements concerning the hypodermis is false?
Which one is NOT a type of somatic symptom disorder?
Wormhole Ltd. makes breads and pastries for local bakeries.  On January 1, 2005 the company purchased a new bread maker from Constantine Co. with a note payable.  The bread maker's list price is $750,000, and will be paid over the next 7 years with 7 equal annual payments on December 31 of each year.  The interest rate on the loan is 10%.  Wormhole Ltd's year end is December 31.  What is the amount that Wormhole will recognize as the current portion of the note payable at the end of the fiscal year.
