Justify your answer to the previous question.
Answer the following matching questions below
Use this chart that shows how Organisms A and B grow in different media and answer the questions. Please, answer them in order in the correct answer blank.    Media Organism A Organism B   NB 0.507 0.056   YEB 0.755 0.100   ISB 0.014 0.514   GSB 0.017 0.713    a. Which organism (A or B) grew better in YEB? b. For Organism B, which medium provided the best growth? c. Name one medium that is chemically defined. d. Name one medium that is chemically complex.
People struggling with psychological disorders are often also at risk for substance abuse. The inclination to use drugs and alcohol to manage emotional states demonstrates which of the following?
Ari was part of the Dunedin study. In adolescence they had behavioral problems and was aggresive. Which temperament did the researchers most likely categorize Ari as when they were a child?
It takes an average minimum of ____________ years for a cave system to form
During Bach's lifetime there was no difference between a performer and a composer because if you performed you composed.
Instructions: Choose 4 of the 8 terms below and define/describe each in as much detail as you can. Give examples and the main theory/approach/researcher associated with the term (when applicable) for full credit. Partial credit will be given. (5 pts. each) emotion laborfelicity conditionsmarked termsaccountsMaster identitydirectiveperlocutionary forcebreathiness
The nurse is caring for a patient with 2-3+ pitting edema, weight gain 3 kilograms over the past 2 days. Which one of the following IV fluids may have contributed to these findings?
The principle of good faith applies to both parties to a sales contract.
Find the number of subsets of the set.{10, 11, 12}
Using surface anatomy terms, identify anatomical landmark  labeled "B"
Where can vocal cords be found?
ABC Builders leased construction equipment from Tengesdal Finance Company under the following lease term 1. The lease term is 6 years, non-cancelable, and requires equal rental payments of $164,600 due at the beginning of each yearstarting January 1, 2020.2. The equipment has a fair value at the commencement of the lease (January 1, 2020) of $901,458 and a cost of $682,000 onABC's books. It also has an estimated economic life of 10 years and an expected residual value of $175,000,though ABC has guaranteed a residual value of $200,000 to Tengesdal Finance.3. The lease contains no renewal options, and the equipment reverts to Tengesdal Finance upon the termination of the lease. Theequipment is for specialized use.4. ABC's incremental borrowing rate is 10% per year. Tengesdal's implicit rate is also 10%.5. ABC depreciates similar equipment that it owns on a straight-line basis.6. Collectibility of the payments is probable, and Tengesdal has no other obligations to ABC.Instructions: (Round all numbers to the nearest dollar.)(a) Evaluate the criteria for classification of the lease, discuss how and why the lessee and lessor should account for the lease transaction.(b) Prepare the journal entries for the lessee and lessor at January 1, 2020, and December 31, 2020 (the lessee's and lessor'syear-end).
If fixed costs are $140,000, the unit selling price is $22, and the unit variable costs are $12. What is the break-even sales in sales dollars?
According to Porter's Value Chain Model, which of the following is a supporting activity?
*Case study related question: What process was causing many of the symptoms? (one word)
A nurse has admitted a pregnant woman in her third trimester with moderate vaginal bleeding and severe abdominal pain.  After assessing maternal vital signs, obtaining the fetal heart rate, and starting an IV, which action should the nurse do next?
The rise of an western cattle industry in the United States greatly aided the nation's rise as an economic power by producing much needed beef (protein) that would power the northeastern laborers who powered the 2nd Industrial Revolution.   Identify THREE causes for the rise of the western cattle industry in the late 19th century.
Avon Meadows Travel Agency has seen its number of customers decline by almost 15 percent in the last two years. The agency needs to understand the reason(s) for the decline before it can make plans to reverse the trend. The agency's manager has identified the problem as a decreased number of vacationers willing to travel by airplane. What is its next step in the marketing research process?
