Read the passage from The Importance of Being Earnest by Oscar Wilde below. Then, answer questions that follow: JACK. That lady is Miss Cecily Cardew, my ward. [LADY BRACKNELL bows coldly to CECILY.]ALGERNON. I am engaged to be married to Cecily, Aunt Augusta.LADY BRACKNELL. I beg your pardon?CECILY. Mr. Moncrieff and I are engaged to be married, Lady Bracknell.LADY BRACKNELL. [With a shiver, crossing to the sofa and sitting down.] I do not know whether there is anything peculiarly exciting in the air of this particular part of Hertfordshire, but the number of engagements that go on seems to me considerably above the proper average that statistics have laid down for our guidance. I think some preliminary inquiry on my part would not be out of place. Mr. Worthing, is Miss Cardew at all connected with any of the larger railway stations in London? I merely desire information. Until yesterday I had no idea that there were any families or persons whose origin was a Terminus. [JACK looks perfectly furious, but restrains himself.]JACK. [In a clear, cold voice.] Miss Cardew is the grand-daughter of the late Mr. Thomas Cardew of 149 Belgrave Square, S.W.; Gervase Park, Dorking, Surrey; and the Sporran, Fifeshire, N.B.LADY BRACKNELL. That sounds not unsatisfactory. Three addresses always inspire confidence, even in tradesmen. But what proof have I of their authenticity?JACK. I have carefully preserved the Court Guides of the period. They are open to your inspection, Lady Bracknell.LADY BRACKNELL. [Grimly.] I have known strange errors in that publication.JACK. Miss Cardew's family solicitors are Messrs. Markby, Markby, and Markby.LADY BRACKNELL. Markby, Markby, and Markby? A firm of the very highest position in their profession. Indeed I am told that one of the Mr. Markby's is occasionally to be seen at dinner parties. So far I am satisfied.JACK. [Very irritably.] How extremely kind of you, Lady Bracknell! I have also in my possession, you will be pleased to hear, certificates of Miss Cardew's birth, baptism, whooping cough, registration, vaccination, confirmation, and the measles; both the German and the English variety.LADY BRACKNELL. Ah! A life crowded with incident, I see; though perhaps somewhat too exciting for a young girl. I am not myself in favour of premature experiences. [Rises, looks at her watch.] Gwendolen! the time approaches for our departure. We have not a moment to lose. As a matter of form, Mr. Worthing, I had better ask you if Miss Cardew has any little fortune?JACK. Oh! about a hundred and thirty thousand pounds in the Funds. That is all. Goodbye, Lady Bracknell. So pleased to have seen you.LADY BRACKNELL. [Sitting down again.] A moment, Mr. Worthing. A hundred and thirty thousand pounds! And in the Funds! Miss Cardew seems to me a most attractive young lady, now that I look at her. Few girls of the present day have any really solid qualities, any of the qualities that last, and improve with time. We live, I regret to say, in an age of surfaces. [To CECILY.] Come over here, dear. [CECILY goes across.] Pretty child! your dress is sadly simple, and your hair seems almost as Nature might have left it. But we can soon alter all that. A thoroughly experienced French maid produces a really marvellous result in a very brief space of time. I remember recommending one to young Lady Lancing, and after three months her own husband did not know her.JACK. And after six months nobody knew her.LADY BRACKNELL. [Glares at JACK for a few moments. Then bends, with a practised smile, to CECILY.] Kindly turn round, sweet child. [CECILY turns completely round.] No, the side view is what I want. [CECILY presents her profile.] Yes, quite as I expected. There are distinct social possibilities in your profile. The two weak points in our age are its want of principle and its want of profile. The chin a little higher, dear. Style largely depends on the way the chin is worn. They are worn very high, just at present. Algernon!ALGERNON. Yes, Aunt Augusta!LADY BRACKNELL. There are distinct social possibilities in Miss Cardew's profile.ALGERNON. Cecily is the sweetest, dearest, prettiest girl in the whole world. And I don't care twopence about social possibilities.LADY BRACKNELL. Never speak disrespectfully of Society, Algernon. Only people who can't get into it do that. [To CECILY.] Dear child, of course you know that Algernon has nothing but his debts to depend upon. But I do not approve of mercenary marriages. When I married Lord Bracknell I had no fortune of any kind. But I never dreamed for a moment of allowing that to stand in my way. Well, I suppose I must give my consent.ALGERNON. Thank you, Aunt Augusta.LADY BRACKNELL. Cecily, you may kiss me!CECILY. [Kisses her.] Thank you, Lady Bracknell.LADY BRACKNELL. You may also address me as Aunt Augusta for the future.CECILY. Thank you, Aunt Augusta.LADY BRACKNELL. The marriage, I think, had better take place quite soon.ALGERNON. Thank you, Aunt Augusta.CECILY. Thank you, Aunt Augusta.LADY BRACKNELL. To speak frankly, I am not in favour of long engagements. They give people the opportunity of finding out each other's character before marriage, which I think is never advisable.JACK. I beg your pardon for interrupting you, Lady Bracknell, but this engagement is quite out of the question. I am Miss Cardew's guardian, and she cannot marry without my consent until she comes of age. That consent I absolutely decline to give.LADY BRACKNELL. Upon what grounds may I ask? Algernon is an extremely, I may almost say an ostentatiously, eligible young man. He has nothing, but he looks everything. What more can one desire?JACK. It pains me very much to have to speak frankly to you, Lady Bracknell, about your nephew, but the fact is that I do not approve at all of his moral character. I suspect him of being untruthful. [ALGERNON and CECILY look at him in indignant amazement.]LADY BRACKNELL. Untruthful! My nephew Algernon? Impossible! He is an Oxonian.JACK. I fear there can be no possible doubt about the matter. This afternoon during my temporary absence in London on an important question of romance, he obtained admission to my house by means of the false pretence of being my brother. Under an assumed name he drank, I've just been informed by my butler, an entire pint bottle of my Perrier-Jouet, Brut, '89; wine I was specially reserving for myself. Continuing his disgraceful deception, he succeeded in the course of the afternoon in alienating the affections of my only ward. He subsequently stayed to tea, and devoured every single muffin. And what makes his conduct all the more heartless is, that he was perfectly well aware from the first that I have no brother, that I never had a brother, and that I don't intend to have a brother, not even of any kind. I distinctly told him so myself yesterday afternoon.
A client received regular insulin at 0730 prior to breakfast. At which time would the nurse be especially alert for a hypoglycemic reaction?
The LAO/RPO colon body positions will demonstrate both the:
What is the name for the maximum systemic arterial pressure, which is reached during the contraction of the left ventricle?
When discussing the severity of anaphylactic reactions, which of the following statements would be true?
In the Module 12 reading "Is the International Community Making Progress in Addressing Natural Disasters?", the author states that poor nations are worse off with regard to natural hazard risk. The countries are worse off because:
________ (r. 1180 - 1223), grandson of Louis VI and also known as "Augustus," began the process of unifying France through diplomacy, war, inheritance, marriage, and the use of a professional bureaucracy. (He was also among the three European monarchs to participate in the Third Crusade):
Questions 17-20 Now a 2 entry victim cache with FIFO replacement is added to the cache system described for Questions 8-12. Answer all the below questions considering this optimization: Address stream repeated for convenience A. LD 0x000AB. ST 0x001BC. ST 0x002CD. LD 0x003DE. LD 0x004EF. ST 0x005FG. LD 0x0031H. ST 0x0022
Match the adrenal zone with the hormone it produces:
Tiny cells called _______ act as part of the immune system within the CNS, removing waste material, viruses and fungi from the brain
Priest-painters embodied Zen in their  painting style called _____, "splashed ink."
The mRNA codon "ACU" codes for the amino acid "threonine".  Which of those three nucleotides can be changed without altering the amino acid it codes for? (refer to the provided genetic code chart above)
Frida Kahlo (1907-1954) Frida nace el 6 de julio de 1907 en Coyoacan, Mexico. Sus padres tienen cuatro hijas en total, y ella es la tercera. Su familia vive en una casa azul en Mexico. A los seis anos sufre de poliomielitis, lo cual en el futuro tiene como consecuencia su incapacidad de tener hijos. Cuando Frida tiene solo 18 anos, sufre un grave accidente de autobus. Despues del accidente, tiene que pasar mucho tiempo, tres meses, inmovil en una cama. Decide pintar durante esta epoca, y es el comienzo de su carrera artistica. A causa del accidente, Frida sufre muchos problemas fisicos y psicologicos. Durante su vida necesita tener 35 operaciones. Todos sus problemas son inspiraciones para sus pinturas. Pinta muchos autorretratos en los que es morena, delgada y bonita. Casi todas sus pinturas son autobiograficas y siempre tienen mucho simbolismo. Se casa en 1929, y posteriormente tiene una crisis emocional por la infidelidad de su esposo, Diego Rivera. Se divorcian en 1940 y luego se casan de nuevo ese mismo ano. Frida y Diego viven juntos en La Casa Azul, el hogar de la infancia de Frida. Frida muere en 1954. Ahora La Casa Azul es un museo dedicado a las vidas de Frida y Diego.   Diego Rivera (1886-1957) Diego nace en Guanajuato, Mexico, el 8 de diciembre de 1886. Tiene ya 21 anos cuando nace Frida, asi que es mucho mayor que ella. Durante su vida, viaja mucho y se convierte en un pintor muy famoso. Muchas de sus obras tienen un fin politico, y trata de los derechos del pueblo. Pero la vida personal de Diego quizas es tan interesante como su arte. Su primera esposa es una pintora rusa que se llama Angelina Beloff y tiene un hijo, Diego, con ella. Rivera es sin duda un mujeriego, es decir, tiene muchas amantes. Cuando esta con Angelina, empieza una relacion paralela con Marevna Vorobev-Stebelska, otra pintora rusa. Marevna y el tienen una hija, Marika. Despues de unos anos se divorcia de Angelina y se casa de nuevo, con una mujer indigena que se llama Guadalupe Marin (Lupe). Con Lupe tiene dos hijas mas, Guadalupe y Ruth. Mas tarde la relacion termina. En 1929, Diego se casa con Frida. El tiene 42 anos y ella solamente 22. Frida es joven, inteligente y talentosa. Pero Diego continua con sus infidelidades. Despues de la muerte de Frida, Diego se casa una vez mas con su agente, Emma Hurtado, y esta con ella hasta su muerte en 1957.   T/F? Diego siempre es honesto y sincero.
Bonus (3 pt) Describe the coagulation cascade (only with numbers)
A muscle which performs the opposite action of the prime mover muscle is a(n) __________.
Which of the following represent(s) an acquired sideroblastic anemia producing a microcytic hypochromic anemia with basophilic stippling, skin lesions, and neurologic dysfunction?
Past health history includes all of the following except:
According to the article "Lasting Consequences of the Summer Learning Gap," the high SES-low SES achievement gap in ninth grade mainly traces to what?
Red-green color blindness is an X-linked recessive trait in humans. A color-blind woman and a man with normal vision have a son. What is the probability that the son is color blind?
Do you understand that both your hands, calculator, and workspace must remain on camera throughout this exam?
