High blood pressure has been identified as a risk factor for heart attacks and strokes. The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey reported that the proportion of U.S. adults with high blood pressure is 0.3. A sample of 38 U.S. adults is chosen.     a.   Is it appropriate to use the normal approximation to find the probability that more than 40% of the people in the sample have high blood pressure? If so, find the probability. If not, explain why not.       b.   A new sample of 80 adults is drawn. Find the probability that more than 40% of the people in this sample have high blood pressure.       c.   Find the probability that the proportion of individuals in the sample of 80 who have high blood pressure is between 0.20 and 0.35.       d.   Find the probability that less than 25% of the people in the sample of 80 have high blood pressure.       e.   Would it be unusual if more than 45% of the individuals in the sample of 80 had high blood pressure?
At what point should the nurse determine that a client is at risk for developing a mental illness?
BONUS: What is one condition that was not tested in the Iwata et al., 1982/1994 study but is a common condition tested in subsequent FA studies (hint: it is another test of social positive reinforcement)? (1 pt)
National Patient Safety Goals focus on the "reduction of risk of healthcare-associated infections".  What is the main risk reduction strategy to decrease the sentinel event of nosocomial infections?
Which of the following procedures is considered more as a true functional study?
Diffuse boundaries can lead to which of the following?
A client calls you as they are concerned that their 10 yr. old gelding may be colicing. You arrive on the farm and observe the following: horse standing quiet and performing the Flehman response. You perform a physical exam and find the following: rectal temperature of 99.0, pulse of 32 bpm, respiratory rate of 12 brpm. Borborgymi are present in all quadrants. You perform a rectal exam and find dry feces in the rectum but no other abnormal findings. Passage of NG tube produces no net reflux. There have been no changes in activity, round bales have recently been place in pasture, no oral meds or dewormer given in last 30 days. Based on the history and exam findings you inform the client:
During which stage of photosynthesis are carbon atoms in carbon dioxide converted to carbon atoms in organic sugar molecules?
Which of the following organisms does not reproduce cells by mitosis?
Although the pituitary gland was once referred to as the master gland of the body, we now know that the hypothalamus exerts some control over the pituitary gland. What is the relationship between the hypothalamus and the anterior pituitary gland?
A forward PE is based on:
This question is about the effect of the sample size on the sampling distribution of the sample mean
Which of the following is the correct parenthetical citation for an idea borrowed from page 26 of the article "Whispers of Insanity in 'The Rocking-Horse Winner'" that has no author?
In 1818, to make the economic situation worse, prices for American agricultural products began to fall both in the United States and in Europe; the overproduction of staples such as wheat and cotton coincided with the recovery of European agriculture, which reduced demand for American crops. Crop prices tumbled by as much 75 percent. This dramatic decrease in the value of agricultural goods left farmers unable to pay their debts. As they defaulted on their loans, what happened?
At many golf  clubs, a teaching professional provides a free  10-minute lesson to new customers. A golf magazine reports that golf facilities that provide these free lessons  gain, on  average,  $1,800 in green  fees, lessons, or equipment expenditures. A teaching professional believes that the average gain exceeds  $1,800.  Complete parts a through c below. (a) In order to support the claim made by the teaching  professional, what null and alternative hypotheses should you  test? H0 :
Classify the following organism based on the information provided.  What is its domain, kingdom, phylum, and class? Field Notes:  Collected in a small pond.Laboratory Analysis:            Size:  Length 1.2 feet            Mass: 5 pounds   Body: Pale orange            Symmetry: Bilateral                       Body Cavity: Coelom present            Cephalization: Present                    Germ Layers: Three Segmentation: Present (reduced)           Digestive System: Complete            Reproduction: Sexual (male)               Circulatory System: Present            Organs: Present                           Skeleton: Endoskeleton (bone)             Notes: Body covered in scales       Paired fins       Jaws       Swim bladder
This disorder is characterized with excessive and haphazard bone deposit and resorption:
Within the DNS hierarchy, which term refers to the DNS servers just below the DNS root?
Identify the application layer protocol that is running on top of UDP. (Hint: Since there is no connection establishment, UDP can transmit messages faster than TCP.)
Which statement is true about Classifiers in ASL?
