A recent General Social Survey asked a random sample of 383 Americans if they were generally very happy and if they are satisfied with their job. The results are given in the table below.  The rows are the response to the question about being generally very happy and the columns are the response to the question about being satisfied in their job.     Satisfied in Job, Yes Satisfied in Job, No   Generally Very Happy, Yes 262 8   Generally Very Happy, No 85 28      a. Is this a question about independent or dependent proportions? [indordep]   b. What is the sample proportion of Americans who are generally very happy? [sampp]   c. You are going to perform McNemar's Test.  What is the correct hypothesis for this test? Note: In the answer choices "not =" stands for
To get a confidence of ~68% what coverage factor (k) is used. In other words what are you going to multiply sigma by to get your interval?
1.c.) Consider the case of a multicast where all processes are assumed to never fail and multicast communication is implemented by using unreliable LAN communication. Assume you were asked to design middleware to implement atomic multicasts. How would you do it and how would your design satisfy the 2 properties mentioned in a.   Property 1: Property 2:
Which statement is not true of molecular orbitals?
Provide the weight percentage amount of gamma in eutectic solid phase at 300 degC. Round to nearest integer value where appropriate.
Space 2 times after a period following an abbreviation.
More than one arrow is needed between symbols on a DFD if
Homeostatis is
To five significant figures, a) What is the cyclotron frequency in a 3.5000 T magnetic field of the ion O2+?  b) What is the cyclotron frequency in a 2.000 T magnetic field of the ion N2+? The atomic masses are shown in the table; the mass of the missing electron is less than 0.001 u and is not relevant at this level of precision. Use the following constants: 1 u = 1.6605x10-27kg, e =1.6022x10-19C.  MODEL VISUALIZE SOLVE ASSESS
Which of the following would bind to an enzyme-coupled receptor?
Tracy's computer crashed during an important exam.  Her rate of breathing increased, her heart rate increased, and her mouth felt dry.  What kind of response is Tracy having?
The MOST effective way to prevent exposure to infectious diseases is to:
Which of the following occurs in the cytoplasm?
I have previously taken a course in which Honorlock was used. Yes or No? [1]
The choice of which method to use in constructing the contracted rental rate can be impacted by the term of the lease. With a shorter lease term, which of the following methods is most likely to be observed?
(a) Identify "14" (b) Name the fluid that fills the chamber posterior to "14"
Because people respond to incentives,
What is the partial pressure of O2 in a gas mixture that contains 0.450 mol O2 and 0.600 mol N2 at a total pressure of 7.14 atm?
A person who wears a steel bracelet on the right wrist to symbolize unity with God is most likely
What is the value of A at the end of this loop?   A = 0; n = 0; while A < 6     A = A+2;     n = n+1; end A n
