The purpose of a Duplicate Search is to simply search for evidence that a particular case has been entered into the App more than once.
A payer practice in which a reported evaluation and management service is reduced to a lower level based strictly on the diagnosis code reported is known as:
Marsha has been receiving physical therapy for nearly 6 weeks for cervical and lower back injuries sustained in a car accident at a corporate PT outpatient center. She soon will be discharged. Patricia, her physical therapist (PT), has focused on speeding up Marsha's pain-free return to her livelihood--freelance editing, which Marsha does from home for a variety of publications.  As Marsha is preparing to leave PT one Friday afternoon, the Patricia says, "Two more visits next week and you should be fine to work full days at your computer, provided you take breaks and do your home exercises. But you mustn't try to do too much too soon. Living alone as you do, I worry about you running all over town to do your daily errands--repeatedly getting into and out of the car, walking to and among the stores, and so on."  Marsha thanks Patricia for her concern, but says, "If I don't do it, nobody else will. The groceries aren't going to shop for themselves, and I've been putting off buying new clothes and picking up items I need for the house. Don't worry, Pat--I'll listen to my body. I'll ease myself back into the swing of things. But delegating my errands isn't an option."  Patricia gives Marsha a supportive pat on the shoulder, and Marsha heads toward the door. Marsha is preparing to say, "See you next week" when Patricia surprises her by looking straight in her eyes and asking, "What if delegating your errands was an option and at no cost to you?" Before Marsha can respond, Patricia pulls an envelope out of her purse and hands it to her, saying, "I want you to have this."  The comments and gesture strike Marsha as so odd that it's all she can do to utter "Thanks" before exiting the clinic. She decides not to open the envelope in her car, since she has no idea what it contains or whether Patricia is looking out the window for her reaction. She laughs nervously and finds herself saying aloud, right there in the car, "Delegate my errands? What's in here--a genie who's going to pop out and say, 'Your wish is my command?'"  Not quite. But sort of, it turns out. Marsha opens the envelope as soon as she gets home. Inside is a certificate with her name and address on it, entitling her to free membership--$100 entry fee waived--in a home shopping service cleverly named Wie Shop for You. It's a play on the name of the business's owner, Wesley Wie. Patricia's last name also is Wie, and she has mentioned having a husband named Wes. The marital connection is confirmed when Marsha visits the Web site cited on the certificate and clicks on the "About Us" link. The slick-looking Web site promises that the year-old business will "pick up everything you need from local stores and deliver to your door at a very affordable price." It appears that the service comparison-shops, and that delivery fees vary with order size and frequency.  Testimonials from clients such as "Annette M" and "Jackie T" praise the shopping service's attention to detail and friendly service. Marsha cannot determine from the Web content, however, the size of the staff or much else about the business beyond generalities. Prospective clients are urged to "schedule a consultation" with a "representative" who will come to the home to discuss each client's specific needs. Additionally, if the service is recommended by any health care provider through a letter of necessity, the insurance carrier will cover the cost if the "patient" receives preapproval.  Marsha's next physical therapy appointment is still 3 days away, but her head already is spinning as she runs through all the questions and concerns Patricia's gift has raised. (The first being whether this really is a "gift," given that Patricia's husband, and by extension Patricia herself, clearly will benefit from Marsha's patronage.) Does Patricia truly believe that she (Marsha) will be endangering her recovery if she elects to run her own errands? Will Patricia be upset if she says she doesn't feel she needs these services or if she's not interested in home shopping services? Should she go ahead and schedule the "consultation," then play things by ear as long everything is preauthorized? What if Wes turns out to be the "consultant" who comes to her home? Will she feel increased pressure to use the service if Patricia's husband is the one lobbying her? Patricia is a wonderful PT whose expertise has been invaluable in Marsha's recovery. Would it kill her, Marsha asks herself, to throw a little business Wes's way? Maybe the couple needs the money and I (Marsha) don't have to pay anything.  Marsha sighs deeply. "This promises to feel like a very long weekend," she thinks, anticipating the uncomfortable conversation she'll be having with Patricia on Monday.  If Marsha can get a bit of assurance against overdoing things that might impede her recovery and she is able to bill her insurance for the service if Patricia writes her a medical necessity order, would her using Wie Shop for You be such a bad thing?  Under which RIPS model cardinal realm does the situation best fit for Marsha?
Match sentences with their appropriate verb to complete the conversation:
Imagine you have framed someone up for an on-camera interview. What is the term for the space between the person and the edge of the frame, in the direction they are looking?
Which of the following descriptions is least applicable to material culture.
True or False: When the data has a narrower variability, the researcher is more confident that the central tendency is an accurate reflection of the opinions/actions/motivations of the research sample.
When engaging in critical thinking, what should you do next after considering multiple viewpoints and drawing conclusions?
______ is the doctrine that invokes a realm of justice and morality beyond and superior to particular countries, cultures, and religions.  Usually seen as vested in individuals, it includes rights to speak freely, to hold religious beliefs without persecution, and not to be enslaved.
Fancier Fonts look better o your visual aids.
What is the practical effect of an insurance contract being a contract of adhesion?
A nurse is providing prenatal education. The nurse will explain that pregnancy affects glucose metabolism in what way?
Which of the following statements is correct with respect to voltage-gated ion channels?
As this graph shows, photosynthesizing eukaryotes have several pigments and accessory pigments that selectively capture the green wavelengths of photons for photosynthesis.
The group "HAMAS"is
The seasons are best explained by
When oxygen is released as a result of photosynthesis, it is formed by the
Worst-case scenarios should be developed
When indexing names for filing in an alphabetic system, symbols such as #, $, and % are
Which component in the Relationship Between Stakeholders and Corporate Governance is the most important for an effective Corporate governance performance?
