Assume that a program consists of three independent 'for' loops that need to be executed sequentially. The average power consumption by these loops are 10 mW, 100 mW, and 1000 mW, respectively. Here 'mW' implies milli-Watt. Assume that the execution time for these loops are 10 hours, 10 minutes, and 10 seconds, respectively. Compute both the overall energy consumption (in Joule) and the overall average power (in mW)? Show major steps.
The table above "The Socially Optimal Quantity of Flash Drives" lists several values for price (P), quantity demanded (QD), and quantity supplied (QS) from the market demand and supply curves for flash drives. Suppose that the production of flash drives generates a marginal external cost equal to $10. The socially optimal number of flash drives will be (hint: think of the MSB and MSC):
Sometimes when you are eating and talking at the same time food goes down the wrong way and makes you choke; it could even block your airway. This is because the respiratory and digestive tracts share this structure in common:
If muscles are not regularly stretched and contracted, how will the muscles be effected?
Which of the following may be explained, at least in part, by Henry's law?
Which of the following is TRUE about antioxidants:
Examine the sketch of a bend in a river. The arrows show the water flow direction. In which of the four lettered locations will erosion take place?
Which of the following would invalidate the usual interpretation of the glycated Hb result?
The key objective of business development activities is identifying potential projects and positioning your firm to be considered for the commission. In addition, by becoming familiar with prospective clients before the proposal phase, architects can gain valuable insights that can translate to a competitive advantage. Which of the following insights would likely come from a successful business development work?
Your patient is a long-time sufferer of asthma as has been on therapy for many years. What is one consideration that needs to be addressed when caring for this patient?
Consider the reaction  A + B [?] C + D   What is the value of the proportionality constant if [A]=0.7 M, [B]=0.15 M and the rate of the reaction is 0.0030 M/s.
Iodine is an essential element required for the synthesis of thyroxine.
Picture elements in a digital image are called:
Lidocaine is a medication used to slow the influx of sodium into the cell and thereby slowing phase 0.  This makes this medication a
An adult burn patient has full-thickness burns to the fronts of both legs and the entire left arm circumferential. The front of the patient's right arm has superficial burns. Using the rule of nines, the EMT should estimate what percentage of the patient's body has been burned?
Alec still remembers how to touch-type, even though it has been three years since he has practiced. The memory system most directly involved here is
Growth tends to proceed in what direction(s)? Select all that apply.
Using the picture below.  Identify the level where a hip amputation would be done.
If a company stores a material in a storage location that is associated with a warehouse, then it must include additional data
Which must be available for photosynthesis to occur? (Select all that apply)
