Bonus question Provide the IUPAC name of  the amine with molecular formula C4H11NO2 and has the following 1NMR Spectrum
Frederick Griffith was a bacteriologist studying an encapsulated form of Streptococcus pneumoniae and a non-encapsulated form. Griffith referred to the form with a capsule as the smooth (S) strain and the non-encapsulated form the rough (R) strain. Through a series of experiments, he discovered if heat-killed S bacteria were mixed with living R bacteria and inoculated into a healthy host, the host would die. Upon re-isolation of the bacteria from the dead host, the former R bacteria now possessed the capsule found on the S strain. What biological phenomenon had occurred? A. Vertical gene transfer B. Transduction C. Transformation D. Conjugation
The following table shows the results of a between-subjects ANOVA. Based on this table, what is the value for eta squared (e2), the percentage of variance accounted for?      Source                         SS        df        MS            Between Groups        46         2          8                Within Groups           54        21          4                Total                          100        23
Victor,  an accrual basis calendar year taxpayer, received $18,000 cash from a customer in advance of providing service. The service contract is November 1, 2019, to October 31, 2021. How much revenue does Victor recognize in each of the three years?
Which option supplies the correct verbs? Bill had _____ on the floor for over an hour before he was able to _____ up.
Calculate the price of a zero coupon bond that matures in 10 years if the market interest rate is 7.5 percent. (Assume semi-annual compounding and $1,000 par value.)
Given the following data what is the concentration of the unknown? Abs of unknown 0.235 Abs of standard  0.387 Concentration of the standard 5 mg/dL
A conformal map
5. Which of the following statements is FALSE?
Men   Women   Total     Democrats   34   16   50     Republicans   42   8   50     Total   76   24   100       The above table shows the gender and party breakdown of the US Senate as of 2020. The President wants to select a committee of Senators at random.  Find the following probability of the following event:   He selects a Senator
The physician orders cephalexin capsules 0.5g PO. The drug on hand is 250mg/capsule. How many capsules should the patient receive?
Which of the following is an important role of the lipopolysaccharide (LPS) layer during the process of infection or treatment of a pathogen? Choose all that apply.
1.6   Verduidelik die uiteindelike oogmerk met die invoer van mindfulness as 'n skoolvak in Britse skole.             (1)
Which of the listings below best describes the four areas (outside of a reception area and locker rooms) typically found in a "Fitness Only" type of Health/Fitness club?
Give definition of function and domain?What is vertical line test and what is it for?
Risk assessment studies subject animals to lifetime exposure to a fixed amount of a toxic chemical. The lifetime risk probability is estimated as a frequency (th) at a chemical dose (d). The data on the exam Excel file under the tab "Exam1-Q3&4" are liver cancer responses of five animal groups fed a daily dose of DDT (synthetic insecticides). Based on our empirical knowledge, the relationship between the lifetime risk probability (th) and the chemical dose (d) can be modeled as th = 1 - a* exp (-b*dg) If a is 1, b is 0.1, and g is 0.5, what is the square error (SE) between the actual and the modeled th for the FOURTH (4) group of animals? (Note: you need to work through this question in your excel file and then choose the closest number here.)
Who is most likely to be a customer of a data warehouse or data mart for a retail chain?
What constitutes the judicial branch?
When you listen to a foreign language being spoken, it likely sounds like a single stream of sound, rather than a series of distinct words. In order to parse that stream of sound into distinct words, what would you need to do?
The level of inventory of a manufactured product has increased by 5,000 units during a period. The following data are also available:       Variable   Fixed    Unit manufacturing costs of the period  $24.00   $10.00    Unit operating expenses of the period    8.00     3.00       The effect on operating income if variable costing is used rather than absorption costing would be a
