Find the limits (calculator work without written justification does not bring any credit - sorry). You can use L'Hospital's Rule, when applicable.
Mack was badly abused as a child. His father was an alcoholic, and Mack vividly remembers the sequence of events. His father would walk in the door at 10 pm, smelling of alcohol. He would slam the door shut, he would stomp across the floor, take off his belt, and whip young, terrified Mack with it. Eventually, Mack decided to run away. He packed up his belongings and left. He was eventually placed with foster parents who were responsible and treated him well and later adopted him. To this day, he gets anxious in the evening and when he smells alcohol, as well as when doors are slammed, or when someone walks heavily on the floor, and tends to leave situations when they become difficult. Which of the following would be the unconditioned response in this situation?
Scooby Co. purchased a call option on Shaggy Inc. common shares on January 1, 2020 for $215. The call option gives Scooby the option to buy 300 shares of Shaggy Inc. for $51 per share. The option expires on July 31, 2020. The following data are available with respect to the call option:    Date Market Price of Shaggy Shares Time Value of Option   March 31, 2020 $55 per share $120   June 30, 2020 $52 per share $56    What is the balance in the Call Option account on June 30, 2020?
Jane takes anticoagulant medication daily to prevent blood clots. Which vitamin must she avoid taking in excess of the RDA because it could interact with the medication and cause uncontrollable bleeding?
All of the following are capital assets, except:
An emergency department nurse assesses a patient admitted after a lightning strike. Which assessment would the nurse complete first?
For the graph above, the smallest value of x where a discontinuity occurs is at x = [smallestvalue] and at that x value the graph is continuous from the [leftrightbothneither].
Looking at the map of AAA baseball teams in the Pacific Coast League, how many teams are there?
The PA projection of the wrist in ulnar deviation clearly demonstrates the:
Which of the following is a sexually transmitted protozoan disease?
In the "Pi and Density" lab, to determine the density of the circular objects used, a graph of ________________ was drawn. (Note: m = mass; r = radius; d = diameter, C = circumference)
A third-grade teacher is setting up her classroom for the school year.  There will be a section devoted to whole-group learning as well as portions of the room devoted to computer learning, science, and writing.  To best facilitate student use of these various areas in the classroom, the teacher should:
Which of the following is required to be elected to the Texas House of Representatives?
During inspiration, the diaphragm
Financial CrisisSuppose that banks are less able to raise funds and so lend less. Consequently, because people and households are less able to borrow, they spend less at any given price level than they would otherwise. The crisis is persistent so lending should remain depressed for some time.  Refer to Financial Crisis. What happens to the price level and real GDP in the short run?
Prostaglandins function to?
Which plant hormone is responsible for a plant's bending toward light?
The "four-point-touch" is used to check horizontal alignment.
Which of the following is not a branches of spinal nerve?
Use the comparison theorem to determine whether the integral is convergent or divergent:
