A retailer plans to sell two different styles of a particular seasonal item. Because of the lead times involved, the retailer must order the items well before the selling season and cannot cancel, modify, or reorder during the selling season. Demand for each style during the season is Normally distributed with a mean of 1000 and a standard deviation of 400. The retailer pays $100 per unit and plans to sell them at the retail price of $175 per unit. Any units not sold during the season can be sold on the secondary market for $70 per unit.  The styles are delivered by ocean container at a cost of $4,000 per container and the retailer is responsible for this transportation cost.  a. Ignoring the transportation costs, how many units of each style 1 and how many units of style 2 should the retailer order to maximize expected profits?  Units of Style 1: [style1]  Units of Style 2: [style2] b. Ignoring the transportation costs, what will the retailer's expected profits from each style be? [ExpectedProfits] c. A container can accommodate any mix of the two styles up to a total of 2,500 units. Considering the cost of transportation, how many units of style 1  and how many units of style 2 should the retailer order to maximize expected profits after paying for transportation?  Units of Style 1: [style1withcap] Units of Style 2: [style2withcap] d. Now assume demand for Style 2 during the season is Normally distributed with a mean of 1,100 and a standard deviation of 600. Demand for Style 1 during the season is still Normally distributed with a mean of 1,000 and a standard deviation of 400.  A container can accommodate any mix of the two styles up to a total of 2,500 units. Considering the cost of transportation, how many units of style 1  and how many units of style 2 should the retailer order to maximize expected profits after paying for transportation?  Units of Style 1: [style1withcapplus] Units of Style 2: [style2withcapplus]
The nurse is working in an area experiencing an outbreak of hepatitis. The best preventive measure that the nurse can teach to the community is?
6. What is remote welding?
Two sides and an angle are given. Determine whether the given information results in one triangle, two triangles, or no triangle at all. Solve any triangle(s) that results.B = 25deg, b = 10.9, a = 12.9
The term in media res describes which possible order of events?
This type of Energy Production requires oxygen A. ATP -ase B. Anaerobic C. Cellular D. Aerobic
Determine whether the given value is a sample statistic or a population parameter.A sample of 120 employees of a company is selected, and the average age is found to be 37 years.
Sarah has an A-minus grade point average. She compares herself to her roommate who has an A grade point average in order to motivate herself to study even harder. Sarah has made a/an
The "shinbone" is the
Refer to the image above.   1.  Classify the gland B. [A] 2. Name the secretion of gland B. [B]
What should the nurse keep in mind regarding unit-dose systems?
Which of the following is an element of damage which may be seen in a wrongful death case?
The  nurse would expect the treatment plan would likely include Colace (docusate sodium) for which of the following individuals? (Select all that apply.)
Find the derivative of y with respect to x.y = 2 sin-1 (4x3)
1.1.1       Kies die korrekte term, uit die gegewe lys, om die stelling WAAR te maak.          a.   Die ... antisikloon (wat A benoem is) word aan die oostekant van Suid-Afrika op die sinoptiese kaart gevind  (1)
A person who engages in leadership activities but whose right to do so has not been formally recognized by the organization or group.
A farmer sprays his crops with an insecticide every year to control insect pests. Every generation, the insects become more and more resistant to the farmer's chemicals. This change is an example of...
Historically, world population levels have been most impacted by wars.
XYZ Inc. pursues a low-cost strategy in its industry and generally needs lower skilled employees. As a result, their management team decided to establish a compensation policy that pays less than the marketplace. In recent years, the company became susceptible to labor shortages and high turnover. Which kind of pay level policy does XYZ Inc. follow?
A concept of TpB, ___ is the belief that you can reasonably perform a desired action or behavior.
