The nurse who works on an inpatient psychiatric unit is working on developing a treatment plan for a patient admitted with PTSD. The patient, a military veteran, reports that sometimes he thinks he sees bombs exploding and the enemy rushing toward him. He has had aggressive outbursts and was hospitalized after assaulting a coworker during one of these episodes. Which of the following nursing interventions are appropriate? Select all that apply.
A person is most likely to store a seven-digit phone number in his or her ________ memory.
The probability distribution of random variable X is defined as follows. The P(X < 4) =?
A father of a newly delivered baby asks the nurse about the white cheesy material in the creases of his newborn daughter's arms, groin and legs. The nurse responds by saying that it is a special coating that protected her while she was in the womb and it is called:
Jasmine, a manager at Safe Corp., is deciding where to source raw materials for her company's manufacturing facility and remembers hearing good things about one of the options she identified. In particular, she remembers hearing that their prices are good and delivery is ontime. Short on time, she decides to sign a contract with them. However, it doesn't take long before the supplier starts to deliver bad raw materials and miss deadlines. Jasmine's decision, in hindsight, was a poor one. Which of the following best represents the reason she made the bad decision.
A (an) ________ refers to the ability to share electronic medical records with other health care facilities.
In assessing murmurs, it is important to be able to document your findings. You come across documentation that states the murmur was found in the 5th ICS, timing of diastole with radiation to axilla.You would interpret this information to be what type of murmur:
A physician orders 2L of NS to infuse at 200 mL/hr. How long will it take the infusion to be complete?__________
TEST PASSWORD: AAA You have now initialized HonorLock, which must be running at all  times. Open a new tab, log into MyOpenMath to take your test. DO NOT SUBMIT THIS QUIZ UNTIL YOU ARE  DONE WITH YOUR TEST The test is in your list of assignments. You have ONE attempt: make sure that you are completely ready before starting. When you are done, submit this quiz. Good luck!
What type of ultrasound probe would be most appropriate to use when evaluating the spleen of a domestic short hair cat ?
Read the following full selection and answer the question that follows. WEB 2.01 Today's broadband Internet infrastructure has greatly expanded the services available to users. These new capabilities have formed the basis for new business models. Digital content and digital communications are the two areas where innovation is most rapid. Web 2.0 applications and services are "social" in nature because they support communication among individuals within groups or social networks.Online Social Networks2 If there is a "killer app" on the Internet, it is social networks. Online social networks have developed very large worldwide audiences and form the basis for new advertising platforms and for social e-commerce. Online social networks are services that support communication within networks of friends, colleagues, and entire professions. The largest social networks are Facebook (1 billion worldwide), LinkedIn (175 million worldwide), Twitter (more than 140 million active users worldwide), and Pinterest (more than 100 million). These networks rely on user-generated content (messages, photos, and videos) and emphasize sharing of content.Blogs3 A blog (originally called a weblog) is a personal Web page that typically contains a series of chronological entries (newest to oldest) by its author, and links to related Web pages. The blog may include a blogroll (a collection of links to other blogs) and trackbacks (a list of entries in other blogs that refer to a post on the first blog). Most blogs allow readers to post comments on the blog entries as well. No one knows how many of these blogs are kept up to date or are just yesterday's news.Really Simple Syndication (RSS)4 The rise of blogs is correlated with a distribution mechanism for news and information from Web sites that regularly update their content. Really Simple Syndication (RSS) allows users to have digital content, including text, articles, blogs, and podcast audio files, automatically sent to their computers over the Internet. An RSS aggregator software application that you install on your computer gathers material from the Web sites and blogs that you tell it to scan and brings new information from those sites to you.Internet Telephony5 If the telephone system were to be built from scratch today, it would be an Internet-based network. This system would be less expensive and more efficient than the alternative existing system, which involves a mix of circuit-switched legs with a digital backbone. Likewise, if cable television systems were built from scratch today, they most likely would use Internet technologies for the same reasons.Intelligent Personal Assistants6 The idea of having a conversation with a computer, having it understand you, and be able to carry out tasks according to your direction, has long been a part of science fiction, from the 1968 Hollywood movie 2001: A Space Odyssey, to an old Apple promotional video depicting a professor using his personal digital assistant to organize his life, gather data, and place orders at restaurants. That was all fantasy. But Apple's Siri, billed as an intelligent personal assistant and knowledge navigator and released in October 2011 for the iPhone 4S, has many of the capabilities of the computer assistants found in fiction. Siri has a natural language, conversational interface, situational awareness, and is capable of carrying out many tasks based on verbal commands by delegating requests to a variety of different Web services. For instance, you can ask Siri to find a restaurant nearby that serves Italian food, and you will receive several choices.7 In July, 2012, Google released its version of an intelligent assistant for Android-based smartphones, which it calls Google Now. Google Now is part of the Google Search application. While Google Now has many of the capabilities of Apple's Siri, it attempts to go further by predicting what users may need based on situational awareness, including physical location, time of day, previous location history, calendar, and expressed interests based on previous activity. For instance, if you often search for a particular musician or style of music, Google Now might provide recommendations for similar music. If it knows that you go to a health club every other day, Google Now will remind you not to schedule events during these periods.--Adapted from Laudon and Traver, E-commerce: Business. Technology. Society., 9th ed., pp. 173 - 178. What prior knowledge would help the reader understand this selection?
For your final examination, you should write a cohesive, well-developed essay that fully addresses the essay prompt. Please closely read the following CQ Researcher articles (published July 26, 2013 (volume 23, issue 27)) and then the prompt below.     "Women and Work-Are Women Better Off Than They Were 50 Years Ago: Pro"by Eleanor Smeal, Former President of the National Organization for Women   "Women and Work-Are Women Better Off Than They Were 50 Years Ago: Con"by Phyllis Schlafly, Founder and President of Eagle Forum     par. 1Of course American women are better off today than 50 years ago! As a proud feminist activist for more than 40 years, I don't claim to be an impartial observer. Although inequities remain and the struggle is far from over, women's advancements are revolutionary. par. 2In education, women have soared, both academically and athletically. In the 1960s women comprised a third of students enrolled in college, and some 60 percent never graduated. When I first began speaking for equality, women made up just 3 percent of the lawyers and 8 percent of the medical doctors. Feminists fought restrictive quotas that limited the number of women entering not only professional schools, but college itself. We were taunted with the ditty, "women don't want to be doctors or lawyers, they want to marry them." par. 3Today such taunts are gone. Women are some 57 percent of college graduates and a majority of medical and law students. Women earn some 60 percent of the master's degrees and 52 percent of the doctorates. par. 4In 1963 women were just 20 percent of the paid workforce; today we are nearly half. Women-owned businesses now employ more people than Fortune 500 companies combined. Women did not have equal credit opportunities until 1975, and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act did not pass until 1978. Fifty years ago a woman could be fired if she became pregnant. This was a typical fate for pregnant teachers, flight attendants and many more. Today's laws prohibit this practice. par. 5Advances in birth control and abortion, and access to them, have improved women's health, economic well-being and educational opportunities. Women's longevity and maternal health have increased, while infant mortality and morbidity have decreased. par. 6Yes, the world is changing for women. Today the movement is worldwide. The need is still great, but the vision, hope and odds for winning women's equality have never been better.   par. 1Whether women are better off today depends on what the goals in life are: to be rich, to be important, to achieve the aims of feminism, or to be happy. Women will have different answers. But because the trigger for this question is the 50th anniversary of the feminist movement, perhaps we should answer in that context. par. 2The goal of the women's liberation movement, as it labeled itself when it was launched in 1963 by Betty Friedan's book The Feminine Mystique, was to move all fulltime homemakers out of their homes and into the labor force. This was not based on any economic argument; the feminist rationale was that the home was a "comfortable concentration camp" to which wives and mothers were confined by the patriarchy. As Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote in her book Sex Bias in the U.S. Code, "the concept of husband-breadwinner and wife-homemaker must be eliminated from the Code to reflect the equality principle." par. 3The separation of marriage from a recognition of the complementary roles of mother and father, plus the easy divorce laws, brought about the unfortunate separation of babies from marriage. So now 41 percent of births in the United States are illegitimate. Generous federal handouts give women an incentive to look to Big Brother for financial support instead of to husbands and fathers. par. 4A National Bureau of Economic Research working paper by University of Pennsylvania economists reported that women's happiness has declined measurably since 1970. One theory advanced by the authors is that the feminist movement "raised women's expectations" (in other words, sold them a bill of goods), making them feel inadequate when they fail to have it all. par. 5Their principal problem was that they took women's studies courses in college where they learned to plan a career in the workplace without any space or time for marriage or babies, at least until the women are over age 40 and their window of opportunity has closed. So they don't have the companionship of a husband in their senior years or grandchildren to provide a reach into the future.     _____________________________________________________________________________________ Topic: Using the above-noted articles, "Women and Work-Are Women Better Off Than They Were 50 Years Ago: Pro" and "Women and Work-Are Women Better Off Than They Were 50 Years Ago: Con," as reference sources, write an essay in which you analyze each author's use of one rhetorical tool or rhetorical appeal to achieve his or her specific purpose.  To start, determine what you believe is each author's specific purpose. Choose one of the following specific purposes for each author: to accuse, to calm, to condemn, to celebrate, to correct, to counter, to defend, to dismiss, to incite, to justify, to overturn, to praise, to provoke, to rally, to silence, or to solve.   Then, determine which one of the following rhetorical tools or rhetorical appeals the "Pro" author relies upon most heavily in his or her article to achieve his or her specific purpose and then which one of the following rhetorical tools or rhetorical appeals the "Con" author relies upon most heavily in his or her article to achieve his or her specific purpose. You must choose both rhetorical tools and/or appeals from the following list:       allusions authorities/outside sources definitions description dialogue examples facts figurative language narration personal testimony/anecdotes scenarios statistics counterarguments concessions qualifiers organization voice appeal to logic appeal to emotion appeal to character appeal to need appeal to value       Organize your ideas into a four-paragraph essay that includes the following paragraphs: (paragraph 1) an introduction paragraph; (paragraphs 2 and 3) two separate, well-developed rhetorical tools and/or rhetorical appeals body paragraphs (one focused on the "Pro" author's use of your chosen rhetorical tool or appeal to achieve his/her specific purpose and the other focused on the "Con" author's use of your other chosen rhetorical tool or appeal to achieve his/her specific purpose); and (paragraph 4) a conclusion paragraph. Your essay must include a forecasting thesis statement and effective topic and concluding sentences in each body paragraph. At least four times in your essay, you also must correctly integrate quotations, paraphrases, and/or summaries from the above-noted articles; remember to include proper in-text citations.
Soapsuds Inc., a manufacturer of cleaning agents, supplies its products to All Needs Inc., a supermarket chain. It demands that All Needs create more shelf space in its stores for Soapsuds' products. However, All Needs Inc. refuses to do this. Instead, it decides to produce its own range of cleaning agents with its own label "All Wash." In this scenario, All Needs Inc. has exercised its bargaining power as a buyer through
Read the passage Mosby Science Museum: Volunteer Opportunities, and then answer the following question(s).Which of the following features is not usually included in articles like this one?
The events in Paris in May 1968 resulted in
What does the term insoluble fiber refer to on food packages?   B) polypeptides   D)
Write an equivalent exponential equation.logw Q = 5
How far the tip of a powered instrument moves during one cycle is known as the:
3.1.2   Amylose and amylopectin   (2)
Voluntary association that buys bulk amounts of goods on behalf of its members.
