Choose the correct answer for each line. Some answers may be used more than once, and some may not be used at all.
What is the purpose of the metal filters put in occupational dosimeters?
A personally written message will have more impact on your reader than a ready-made card.
A material that serves as both a conductor and insulator of electricity.
Encouragement for clients to practice good hygiene habits not only meets basic physiological needs, but it also meets the hierarchal need of:
The "Back to Sleep" campaign was aimed at reducing
A rounded or circular vertebral foramen are found in ____ vertebrae.
What is a priority nursing diagnosis for an 89 year old client with frequent liquid stools?
What cellular structure is labeled D?
During a routine health assessment, the nurse notes that an 8-month-old infant has a significant head lag. Which is the most appropriate action?
The nurse is facilitating the weaning of a client from mechanical ventilation. The nurse uses ventilation that allows inspiratory and expiratory airway pressures to be maintained above atmospheric pressure and helps keep the client's lungs inflated. This method tends to improve lung function, even though breathing is spontaneous. What is the term for this mode of ventilation?
The proper patient position to begin long axis traction of the hip is:
In the below genetic cross problem the phenotypic ratio is represented by what ratio:
In the United States today, the minimum reserve ratio for checkable bank deposits is  5.7% B.  10%           C.  15%           D.  20%
You have patient that comes to see you with a referral from their Family Practice Physician.  The referral from the doctor instructs therapy to evaluate and treat for shoulder pain.  After evaluation from the OT, the diagnosis that is suspected is rotator cuff impingement.  Which of the following is not a cause of rotator cuff impingement?
Ida Wells was a major opponent of lynching as an African American woman.
The nurse caring for a patient with a Foley catheter should perform which actions to lower the risk of infection?   (Select all that apply)
According to a study conducted by Honts and colleagues (1994), the use of countermeasures _____ the detection of guilty suspects by 50%, and the examiners _____ able to tell that the suspects were manipulating their own arousal patterns.
The nurse is preparing the client for a CT of the abdomen with oral and IV contrast. Which question will the nurse ask the client prior to the examination?
What is the most appropriate nutritional recommendation for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) at the stage of hepatosteatosis?
