The mechanism of labor responsible for birth of the head is called
PRE-OPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Severe peripheral arterial disease, arterial insufficiency due to aorto-iliac occlusive disease or atherosclerosis POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSES: Atherosclerosis of native arteries, bilateral legs, with intermittent claudication  OPERATION: Open aorto-bifemoral bypass graft  INDICATIONS: The patient is a 78-year-old male who has complained of muscle aches, cramping and pain in his legs from his thighs to his feet for several years and he states it is getting worse. He has limited mobility as the cramping in his legs prevent him from walking more than a block. On physical exam, he has diminished pulses in his legs with very faint pulses in his feet. He underwent an abdominal aortogram plus bilateral iliofemoral angiography of the lower extremities as an outpatient a month ago and was found to have severe aorto-iliac occlusive disease due to atherosclerosis. The patient was treated for carcinoma of the small bowel over 10 years ago with no recurrence. The patient has also been under treatment in the hospital for essential hypertension that he has had for many years. He also quit smoking 20 years ago. The patient was given the risks and benefits of an aorto-bifemoral vascular graft and he consented to the procedure with the hope of eliminating the pain and cramping in his legs that will allow him to become more active again. PROCEDURE: The patient was prepped and draped, and groin incisions were opened. The common femoral vein and its branches were isolated, and rubber loops were placed around the vessels. At the completion of this, the abdomen was opened and explored. The patient was found to have evidence of radiation therapy in the abdominal wall and some of the small bowel due to his past treatments for history of carcinoma of the small intestine. The remainder of the abdominal exploration was unremarkable. After the abdomen was explored, a Balfour retractor was put in place. The abdominal aorta and iliac vessels were mobilized. Bleeding points were controlled with electrocoagulation. The tapes were placed around the vessel. The vessel was measured, and the abdominal aorta was found to be a 12-mm vessel. An 11 x 6 bifurcated micro-velour graft was then pre-clotted with the patient's own blood. An end-to-end anastomosis was made on the aorta and the graft using a running suture of 2-0 Prolene. The limbs were taken down through tunnels, and an end-to-side anastomosis was made between the graft and the femoral arteries with running suture of 4-0 Prolene. The inguinal incisions were closed with running sutures of 2-0 Vicryl and steel staples in the skin. The subcutaneous tissue was closed with running suture of 3-0 Vicryl, and the skin was closed with steel staples. A sterile dressing was applied. The patient tolerated the procedure well and returned to the recovery room in adequate condition.  Principal diagnosis: [dx1]Secondary diagnoses: [dx2]Principal procedure: [proc1]Assign MS-DRG: [msdrg1]
A nurse is assisting the delivery of twins. The first infant is placed on the scale to be weighed.  The physician requests an instrument STAT.  The nurse turns to hand the instrument to the physician, and the infant falls off the scale.  When evaluating the incident, the nurse and her manager list the contributory factors such as the need for two nurses when multiple births are known, and the location of the scale so far from the delivery field.  These nurses are performing a(n):
What is family planning?
Which of the following diseases can be effectively treated using the anti-viral drug acyclovir?
Find the sum of angles 1 and 2 and 8 and 7.  (all four angles)  Assume k || l.
All of the following are examples of entry via the parenteral route EXCEPT
The nurse is performing a physical exam on a patient diagnosed with liver failure. The nurse notes that the abdomen is swollen and decides to assess for abdominal skin tenderness and temperature. Which of the following techniques would the nurse use to collect this data?
Laai op vraag 3 Laai jou PDF dokument hier op en benoem dit: VAN_NAAM_EGAD_GR11 A_SBA_003b_JUNEXM_VRAAG 3
Pertaining to the mouth and stomach
300.055 _______
There are five basic taste sensations. Select the sensation that does not belong.
This is the range of receptor exposures that provide a QUALITY image (within the accepted DI range, that are low noise, and abide by ALARA):
The reaction in the C3 cycle that adds CO2 to ribulose bisphosphate (RuBP), known as carbon fixation or CO2 uptake, is catalyzed by the enzyme
Assessment is pretty much done at the beginning of a crisis and is a one-shot affair.
Which of the following is characterized by non-ischemic bulging of the LV apex at end-systole with the base of the ventricle being hypercontractile related to emotional stress?
Who are Peaseblossom, Mustardseed and Cobweb?
Identify the structure labeled E.
Brian is having surgery performed, which involves making an incision at the base of his penis and severing the ligaments that attach the penile root to the pelvic bone.  Brian is MOST likely having this surgery performed for which of the following reasons?
College students are expected to attend class, take exams, and turn in papers.  These behaviors are defined as a ____.
