Match the letter / label to the correct cranial nerve.
INSTRUCTIONS:     1.  Read the question carefully and think before answering each question.     2.  You may not use a calculator to answer any questions in this test.       3.  Question 5:  use folio paper to answer question 5 and show all calculations.  Upload the question at question 5.  Please upload a pdf document.     4.  If you cannot do one of the questions, go on to the next one.  You can come back to it later if you have time.     ALL THE BEST!
Which livestock animal is least in numbers in the U.S.?
Since the late 1940s, ___________ burs have been used for cavity preparation.
Which of the following would not be considered a hate crime motivation?
The bacterium Escherichia coli is commonly found in the large intestine of people. If it is transferred to the urethra and then moves into the bladder, however, it may cause a urinary tract infection. Escherichia coli is best described in this case as a(an):
Which of the following clients is at highest risk for depression?
A probe-type low water fuel cutoff uses ___ to complete a burner control circuit.
The income tax became available to the national government with the ratification of which amendment to the United States Constitution?
By 2008, Americans' reactions to the war in Iraq
Deontology is the study of the effects of death and dying.
A(n) ________ occurs when dense cold air is actively advancing into a region occupied by warmer air.
The nurse at the clinic is interviewing a 64-yr-old woman who is 5 feet, 3 inches tall and weighs 125 lb (57 kg). The patient has not seen a health care provider for 20 years. She walks 5 miles most days and has a glass of wine two or three times a week. Which topics will the nurse plan to include in patient teaching about cancer screening and decreasing cancer risk (select all that apply)?
EXTRA CREDIT (Worth up to 4 points).  Going back to The Lion King, assume that Mufasa and Scar are full-sibling brothers who have to defend the females in their pride against other males. Either male on his own could defend a pride that allowed him to produce 4 offspring. Together, they can defend a larger pride, but because Mufasa is the dominant individual, he fathers 11 offspring, while Scar, as a subordinate male, only fathers 1. Assuming Scar has an allele that leads to this altruistic behavior of forming a reproductive coalition with his brother, use Hamilton's Rule to determine whether this allele is likely to spread in the population. Show your work.
_____ refers to shows produced specifically for the syndication market.
Which of the following is the lowest energy chair conformation of the following cyclohexane?
What function returns the length of a list?
During the Calvin cycle, plants:
What happens when pure semiconductor material is subjected to a voltage?
How can you adjust the tone and color of an image in Photoshop?
