NSC-68 called for
The golgi tendon reflex protects us how?
Which of the following diseases can be ASYMPTOMATIC in men?
Of the common communication protocols listed, which one is a common protocol used when persistent connections are not necessary or desirable?
Honor Code: I will be fair and honest in my coursework. I will neither give nor receive unauthorized aid on this exam.
Which of the following is/are used by muscle fibers to generate the ATP needed for contraction?
In plants, the vascular tissue that consists of living cells that distribute sugars throughout the plant is called
2.  Compare and contrast the scale/arpeggio system studies of Carl Flesch and Ivan Galamian. Which do you prefer to utilize with students and why?
Which of the following is considered a primary lymphatic structure?
Define the following term and state its importance. Orphan Drug-
A _____ [answer1] can be separated by physical means whereas a _____ [answer2] can only  be separated by checmical means
People often pay more attention to other people and less to the environment when making attributions, especially under stress, causing them to rely on a(n):
Briefly describe the inference and back-propagation process given an feed-forward neural network.
When we are trying to determine if someone does something because they are a bad person (internal) v. if they were put in a bad situation (external) we are trying to make an attribution using which of the following dimensions of attributions?
A rate-responsive pacemaker may be functioning normally, yet not increase heart rate adequately to meet oxygen demands during exercise on some stationary exercise modalities.
Question 5 Suppose that  is a
CM is an unemployed 29 year old Caucasian male.  During high school, CM was very active playing defensive tackle for the football team.  He weighed 290 lbs and was 6'2" tall.  CM was heavily recruited by colleges and attended one for a year, but injured his knee and was no longer able to play.  He quit school but continued to eat as if he was still working out with the team.  He had a few odd jobs until he started driving a tractor trailer truck across the states.  His boss fired him because his weight was impairing his work. CM ate a huge amount of during high school, but was active enough to maintain his 290 lbs.  His jobs, including driving the truck, were very sedentary but he continued to eat as he did in high school, and sometimes more due to boredom. He slowly gained weight throughout the years, weighing 460 lbs a little over 6 months ago.  He cannot find a job, has no friends left in the area and when he tries to be active, his weight and his knee pain limits him.  He becomes winded now if he walks more than 50 feet.  He basically sits at home watching tv or playing video games.  His mom and sisters provide him with the one thing he loves - food.  Feeling sorry for him, they make him anything he wants.  Eating is his comfort, and his escape from reality, and the cycle of depression/eating/weight gain continues. CM now tires easily, is severely SOB with even a small amount of movement causing him to be winded.  He started C/O throbbing headaches, excessive perspiration and flushing in his face.  He is always drowsy but does not sleep well at night.  Two weeks ago he C/O pain in his left calf and was having such a hard time breathing, his sister called 911.  The paramedics gave him oxygen and took him to the ED of the county hospital.  He was stabilized and weighed in at 556 lbs.  The ED physician found him to be SOB to the point of having cyanotic extremities, particularly in the toes.  CM was experiencing tachycardia with occasional premature ventricular contractions (PVC)s. His left calf was tender to touch, warm and seemed to be swollen, but it was difficult to examine properly because of his size.  The physician was concerned that CM had a deep vein thrombosis (DVT).  A venogram was completed and showed filling defects and diverted blood flow, positive for thrombophlebitis. All his labs were normal. 1.  Calculate CM's IBW, % of IBW, and BMI.  (3 pts) 2.  Part of the MD's care plan is a referral to the dietitian for a consult to initiate weight loss.  Estimate CM's caloric and protein needs.  Justify your answer.  (4 pts) 3.  The doctor has prescribed Warfarin to CM.  State two (2) drug/nutrient interactions you would need to counsel him about.  (2 pts) 4.  Write 2 questions you would like to ask CM. (2 pts) 5.  Write one PES statement. (3 pts) 6.  Write one SMART goal that results from your intervention. (2 pts.)
How many nipples does the Cheirogaleidae lemur possess?
Magnet Recognition(r) is the highest and most prestigious distinction a healthcare organization can receive for effective use of radiology procedures.
If you do not have a laptop or webcam, Valencia has a limited supply to distribute. Laptops and webcams can be requested by completing this laptop/webcam request form, or contact Enrollment Services at 407-582-1507. Thank you!
