[All solutions must start by writing an equation (or equations) from the equation sheet on your paper.  The solution must then follow a logical progression from the equation(s) on the equation sheet to the answer(s).] The two toy boxcars collide with one another and bounce off of each other in a collision that lasts 0.090 s.  The mass of boxcar 1 is 2.00 kg and the mass of boxcar 2 is 6.00 kg.  Prior to the collision, boxcar 1 is moving to the right at 4.00 m/s.  After the collision, boxcar 1 is moving to the left at 1.00 m/s and boxcar 2 is moving to the right at 0.50 m/s.     a) Draw a diagram of the initial state and the final state and determine the initial velocity of boxcar 2.  [you will scan and submit this after the exam] b) Briefly describe how you could determine, numerically, whether the above collision was elastic or inelastic. [enter your description below] c) Determine the impulse caused by Boxcar 2 pushing on Boxcar 1.  [enter the numerical answer below; submit work after exam] d) Using impulse/momentum principles, determine the magnitude and direction of the force that is exerted on Boxcar 1 by Boxcar 2.  [enter the numerical answer below; submit work after exam]
If a geriatric patient is prone to aspiration, it would be important to:
Five days following a transurethral resection of the prostate (TURP), a patient returns to the emergency department. The nurse notes a temperature of 96.8 degrees F, respiratory rate of 26, and a WBC of 3000 mm3. The nurse anticipates treatment for which disorder?
To pass inspection, the ball bearings must pass through a small opening at the top of their trajectory after rebounding from a heavy plate as shown.  The angle made by the rebound velocity with the horizontal is _____ degrees.
The client has just been admitted with bradycardia and scheduled for the insertion of a pacemaker. The nurse notifies the physician that the client's heart rate has dropped into the 40-beats/minute range. The physician orders a temporary pacemaker. The nurse knows that there are different types of temporary pacemakers. What types of temporary pacemakers are there? Select all that apply.
Explain the differences between controlled release dosage forms and sustained release dosage forms. (5 marks)
This structure can contract or relax to alter the amount of light that enters the eye:
6.8   Ou habite-t-il ?   (1)
You are to use a fire extinguisher. The hose should be directed to the:
Explain Erik Erickson's theory of psychosocial development
What is the correct structure of a Q2 goal?
If a plant species exhibits maternal inheritance for leaf pigmentation, what is the phenotype of the parents of a variegated (green and white leaves) offspring?
Which of the following muscle fiber types has the lowest myoglobin content?
Place in order the following: Trachea, alveolus, nose, pharynx, bronchiole, bronchus, larynx,
The difference between Jido and Jidoka is the automation component.
Which type of flagellar arrangement has small bunches of flagella coming off only one end of a bacterial cell?
What is a major difference between facilitated diffusion and active transport?
A CRM school of thought the is software-based, segmenting markets by date management, and personalization of communication is:
If I wanted to determine the reliability of the series of activities in the previous question, what would that be?
Units of knowledge that children develop through the adaptation process.
