In January, you are called out to examine a herd of Holstein cows that are exhibiting diarrhea.  The cattle are indoors in free-stall housing, and 80% of the lactating herd has developed acute, profuse diarrhea over the last 12-24 hours.  Occasionally, the feces are bloody and mucoid.  Milk production has dropped dramatically in the herd.  Examination of individual cattle reveals that some are mildly dehydrated, but the majority of animals have normal vital signs. No deaths are observed yet. What is the MOST likely diagnosis?
In the application of uniform series:  to be able to use the relationship between F, P and A in the given formulas, "A" must occur at the end of the period, constant and continuing for the n period.
Snow Industries issued 5 year, 5% bonds with a face value of $150,000.  The bonds pay interest on July 1 and December 31 each year.  The market rate for these bonds was deemed to be 7%.  Using the factors below, your calculator or Excel, calculate the carrying value of the bonds at the date of issuance.    Rate 3.5% 2.5%   Present Value of (1) for 10 periods .70892 .78120   Present Value of an Annuity for 10 periods 8.31661 8.75206
Which is TRUE about hormones?
What took place on October 23, 1983 in Beirut?
Which period is responsible for America's Declaration of Independence, the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, which promoted nationalism and citizenship and inalienable rights.
If a company wanted to ensure that their staff were a good fit for the company, they would ensure proper
Unlike erythrocytes, leukocytes
In Aeschylus's Oresteia, the dead bodies of two characters were shown to the audience by means of a platform that rolled or rotated into the performance space. This platform was called a(n):
Which of the following statements best describes a main idea of the text?  Refer to the article "A Holocaust Survivor, Spared from gas Chamber by a Twist of Fate."
Method 2 (you must answer both methods): Step 1:
A number of factors must be in place for a team to perform well. All of the following are considered essential for team effectiveness EXCEPT the:
A ______ is a small software program designed to spread from one computer to another and to interfere with computer operation.
Problem 5 This question has two parts.  Clearly label which work is for part (a) and which work is for part (b) on your paper. Mercury rotates on its axis about once every 59 (earth) days.  The radius of the planet is about 2440 km.   (a) Find the angular speed of a point on its equator.  Give the answer in radians per (Earth) day. (b) Find the linear speed of a point on its equator, in km per (Earth) day
Outline the following article using the guidelines taught in the course. Remember to title and label the outline and use the format taught in the course for full credit. "Types of Stem Cells," from the website A Closer Look at Stem Cells Stem cells Stem cells are the foundation for every organ and tissue in your body. There are many different types of stem cells that come from different places in the body or are formed at different times in our lives. These include embryonic stem cells that exist only at the earliest stages of development and various types of tissue-specific (or adult) stem cells that appear during fetal development and remain in our bodies throughout life. All stem cells can self-renew (make copies of themselves) and differentiate (develop into more specialized cells). Beyond these two critical abilities, though, stem cells vary widely in what they can and cannot do and in the circumstances under which they can and cannot do certain things. This is one of the reasons researchers use all types of stem cells in their investigations. Embryonic stem cells Embryonic stem cells are obtained from the inner cell mass of the blastocyst, a mainly hollow ball of cells that, in the human, forms three to five days after an egg cell is fertilized by a sperm. A human blastocyst is about the size of the dot above this "i." In normal development, the cells inside the inner cell mass will give rise to the more specialized cells that give rise to the entire body--all of our tissues and organs. However, when scientists extract the inner cell mass and grow these cells in special laboratory conditions, they retain the properties of embryonic stem cells. Embryonic stem cells are pluripotent, meaning they can give rise to every cell type in the fully formed body, but not the placenta and umbilical cord. These cells are incredibly valuable because they provide a renewable resource for studying normal development and disease, and for testing drugs and other therapies. Human embryonic stem cells have been derived primarily from blastocysts created by in vitro fertilization (IVF) for assisted reproduction that were no longer needed. Tissue-specific stem cells Tissue-specific stem cells (also referred to as somatic or adult stem cells) are more specialized than embryonic stem cells. Typically, these stem cells can generate different cell types for the specific tissue or organ in which they live. For example, blood-forming (or hematopoietic) stem cells in the bone marrow can give rise to red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets. However, blood-forming stem cells don't generate liver or lung or brain cells, and stem cells in other tissues and organs don't generate red or white blood cells or platelets. Some tissues and organs within your body contain small caches of tissue-specific stem cells whose job it is to replace cells from that tissue that are lost in normal day-to-day living or in injury, such as those in your skin, blood, and the lining of your gut. Tissue-specific stem cells can be difficult to find in the human body, and they don't seem to self-renew in culture as easily as embryonic stem cells do. However, study of these cells has increased our general knowledge about normal development, what changes in aging, and what happens with injury and disease. Mesenchymal stem cells You may hear the term "mesenchymal stem cell" or MSC to refer to cells isolated from stroma, the connective tissue that surrounds other tissues and organs. Cells by this name are more accurately called "stromal cells" by many scientists. The first MSCs were discovered in the bone marrow and were shown to be capable of making bone, cartilage and fat cells. Since then, they have been grown from other tissues, such as fat and cord blood. Various MSCs are thought to have stem cell, and even immunomodulatory, properties and are being tested as treatments for a great many disorders, but there is little evidence to date that they are beneficial. Scientists do not fully understand whether these cells are actually stem cells or what types of cells they are capable of generating. They do agree that not all MSCs are the same, and that their characteristics depend on where in the body they come from and how they are isolated and grown.  Induced pluripotent stem cells Induced pluripotent stem (iPS) cells are cells that have been engineered in the lab by converting tissue-specific cells, such as skin cells, into cells that behave like embryonic stem cells. IPS cells are critical tools to help scientists learn more about normal development and disease onset and progression, and they are also useful for developing and testing new drugs and therapies. While iPS cells share many of the same characteristics of embryonic stem cells, including the ability to give rise to all the cell types in the body, they aren't exactly the same. Scientists are exploring what these differences are and what they mean. For one thing, the first iPS cells were produced by using viruses to insert extra copies of genes into tissue-specific cells. Researchers are experimenting with many alternative ways to create iPS cells so that they can ultimately be used as a source of cells or tissues for medical treatments.
Convert the temperature of 100.7 degrees F to degrees C. Round to the tenths.
Which of the following should be present to release the TASERed patient to police without EMS transport?
The holiday associated with fireworks and BBQ is
__________ animals cannot maintain a constant body temperature.
The setting of the story is in Boston.
