Question 9        In 2020 during the COVID pandemic, the tourism industry had lots of economic problems. Your uncle who had a restaurant decided to start a Meals-on-Wheels business and closed down his restaurant in the Prince Vincent Building. Because there are no systems in place yet, he and his 2 staff members used smartphones and tablets to enter client information.       9.1   Give two reasons why it is considered as an advantage to have electronic copies of the meal orders in stead of handwritten documents.   (2)     9.2   Explain the difference between data and information with reference to the meal orders from clients.   (2)     9.3   What type of operating system will be found on your uncle's Apple smartphone?   (1)     9.4   What kind of wireless communication medium makes it possible for your uncle to share data and information with his wife at home?   (1)
When foreign income rises, U.S. aggregate
Whole grains, enriched grains, and dairy products are particularly good sources; possible deficiency symptoms of this vitamin could be very cracked and dry lips, a sore throat, and swelling inside the mouth.
A spinal cord lesion may result in paralysis of both lower extremities. This condition is known as:
What kind of epithelium lines the trachea?
A oil storage tank for an airplane is shaped like a cube with each side 12.5 inches long.  The volume of this tank is V = s3
What type of tissue is this ?
A patient being treated at the mental health center says, "I am having thoughts about suicide." What is the nurse's most therapeutic response?
What makes extinction difficult is that you must prevent the target behavior from being reinforced.
Which delicate connective tissue membrane covers external bone surfaces?
Identify the cells labeled "A".
Like painting and photography, film exploits the subtle interplay of
Elements in the communication process include all of the following except
Which play item should the nurse bring from the playroom to a hospitalized toddler in isolation?
Why is it important to use transitions words in a speech?
19.  Merritt Corporation has two divisions: the West Division and the East Division. The corporation's net operating income is $88,800. The West Division's divisional segment margin is $39,500 and the East Division's divisional segment margin is $166,900. What is the amount of the common fixed expense not traceable to the individual divisions?
The dialysis bag is permeable to water but not sucrose. What will happen to the mass of this bag over time?
An allele frequency is the proportion (or percentage) of a specific allele in a population.
An individual's story concerning his or her lived experience, which can be used to illustrate the existence of a particular event or phenomenon is called_________________.
The vibrational degrees of freedom for a linear and a nonlinear polyatomic molecule of seven atoms each, are respectively:
