Which is the agonist for dorsiflexion of the foot?.
When a spectrophotometric analysis is performed to determine the bilirubin in the amniotic fluid, the fetus is assigned a zone for follow-up care/delivery (with higher zones signifying more immediate care). With this information, which zone would signify that fetal death is impending and immediate delivery is required?
If your patient has postprimary tuberculosis, they are highly contagious.
Match the white blood cell with its function:
A patient is diagnosed with a posterior pituitary tumor and undergoes resection of that area of the pituitary. Which hormone would the RN expect to be in deficit?  What would be the result of that deficiency?
1.9   You are one of Nelson Mandela's sons. Write a short, persuasive paragraph to the doctors attending to your father based on one of the two scenarios listed below:             1.9.1 You think it's best that the life support machines are switched off.             OR             1.9.2 You want the hospital to keep the life support machines on.    (4)
The nurse assessing the heart places the stethoscope between the fifth and sixth ribs at the mid-clavicular line to hear the point of _________.
In the December 1848 elections in France, all ____ could vote.
There are different layers in a general GI tract wall. Identify B in this cross sectional model of the GI tract. [answer1] Identify C in this cross sectional model of the GI tract. [answer2]
A herniation of intestine through the vagina?
SUMMER 2021 CERT EXAM 1 You can use Microsoft Word. DIRECTIONS FOR THE FULL EXAM  A total of six questions, grouped into three categories (labeled A, B and C), are provided on the following pages.  Please note that Category A contains two questions; Category B contains two questions; and Category C contains two questions. Select two (2) questions to which you will write essay responses.  One question must be from one category and the other question must be from the other categories. Do NOT choose two questions from the same category.  Be very sure to substantiate all claims you make and to indicate the sources of ideas, claims, etc., that are not your own. Your identity will be masked for exam readers/evaluators. Upload your exam below. Then close the quiz and email a copy of your exam to Lucy Tam, tam2@tc.columbia.edu.   CATEGORY A: TEACHING/LEARNING/CURRICULUM Directions:  Respond to either Question A-1 OR Question A-2. QUESTION # A-1: TEACHING/LEARNING/CURRICULUM Theories of pedagogical content knowledge and culturally relevant pedagogy bear strong implications for what "good teaching" entails, how such teaching proceeds, and what it aims for.   Please respond to all of the below: (a)   Define each of these two concepts: pedagogical content knowledge and culturally relevant pedagogy.  As part of your discussion, explain:  1) how each concept represents the key aim(s) of teaching (what is central to teaching and especially to good teaching for each of these concepts), and 2) each concept's component parts (or aspects of it) and, if applicable, how these parts interrelate.  Please refer to the work of at least one key researcher/writer on these concepts and cite accordingly.  (You are welcome to reference/discuss the work of more than one writer for each of these concepts if helpful.) (b)   Then present at least two contributions that, in your view, each of these two concepts may possibly make to teaching quality in higher education (feel free to focus in on a particular portion of the higher education system, rather than the whole system, if you wish). (c)   Every concept has its shortcomings. Lay out at least one potential shortcoming of each of these two concepts when applied to higher education. (d)   Conclude with any summary insights that you have gleaned about good teaching viewed through these concepts.   QUESTION # A-2: TEACHING/LEARNING/CURRICULUM This question focuses on the word learning which is applicable to both students and faculty.  In higher education, learning is a word that often is applied to students, (e.g., students' learning in class, in internships, in residence halls, in relationships with others they meet).   But the word learning is used as well, from time to time, to describe a particular kind of experience that faculty members too may have.  Please address the following: (a)   Define the word learning by drawing on theories of cognition, sociocultural theories, and/or relevant philosophical perspectives, including how some of these may be represented in writings on/about higher education.  Be sure to indicate scholars on whose work you draw.  (b)   Discuss how, when, and under what circumstances certain features of learning, as you define it in the preceding, may be applicable to faculty as they do their work and construct their careers.  (c)   Discuss how, when, and under what circumstances some features of learning, as you define it, may not be fully (or at all) applicable to faculty as they do their work and construct their careers.  (d)   Close with your emergent definition of the phrase:  faculty learning.  What is faculty learning as it emerges from your essay?  Explain why you have framed faculty learning as you did. To respond to this question, you are, of course, welcome to draw on ideas and perspectives introduced in the class entitled, The Professoriate.  However, please feel free to draw on readings from other classes as well if those are helpful to you.   CATEGORY B: ORGANIZATION/LEADERSHIP/FINANCE  Directions:  Respond to either Question B-1 OR Question B-2 QUESTION # B-1: ORGANIZATION/LEADERSHIP Colleges and universities, when viewed as organizations, can be confusing and perplexing.  They are indeed complex organizations, with unique characteristics that distinguish academic institutions from other organizations. As nonlinear, dynamic social systems, organizational functioning on any college or university campus may best be understood through multiple perspectives or frames.  The list below is partially drawn from Kathleen Manning's work, Organizational Theory in Higher Education (2018) and Bess & Dee (2012): 1. Bureaucratic                                 2. Human Relations      Collegium                                         Political      Cultural                                             Feminist and Gendered      Organized Anarchy                         Spiritual From the list above choose three different organizational "frames" - choose two from one list, and one from the other. Question 1.   For each of the three models that you choose: A.  Provide a brief introductory description and overview of the model, particularly the underlying assumptions and primary ways in which that model "sees" organizational functioning; and, B.  Building on that introduction, identify the potential strengths and limitations of each model in helping us to understand organizational functioning within colleges and universities. In your development of the potential strengths and limitations of each model be sure to reference important aspects of organizational functioning such as - organizational structure or architecture, leadership, authority, decision-making, coordination and integration, goal setting, etc.    Select an institution with which you are very familiar and identify an "organizational problem" to analyze using the three frames you have selected.  A.  Provide a description of the institution you have selected - size, organizational complexity, institutional type for classification, mission, etc. - then provide a description of the organizational problem you have selected for analysis. B.  Conduct an organizational analysis of the "problem" you identified using the basic tenets of each of the three frames selected earlier to develop a fuller understanding of how the organization approached the "problem" that you selected, illustrating how each model brings certain aspects of the organization into clear focus, while blurring or filtering out other potentially important aspects.   QUESTION # B-2: FINANCE A report by the Education Advisory report, "Optimizing Institutional Budget Models," observed the following: While most colleges and universities saw stable growth over the last several decades, many if not most now face significant downward pressure on revenue... With limited potential for significant new revenue growth, academic and business leaders agree that spending on new initiatives must come from a reallocation of existing resources... However, actually reallocating resources from one area of campus to another remains difficult. In the intervening years since the report was published, the downward pressures on enrollments and revenue have worsened.  From Fall 2015 through Fall 2019, higher education institutions have experienced, at best, relatively stable year-to-year enrollments, and most frequently, declining enrollments. The impact of the pandemic on Spring 2020 and Fall 2020 has exacerbated enrollment-related and other financial pressures that higher education institutions are facing. This question has two parts: 1.   Identify and clearly describe the different factors in the external environment - political, social, economic, demographic - that contribute to the "limited potential for significant new revenue growth" for college and universities.  In your response, be certain to discuss which specific sectors of higher education are most vulnerable and why. 2.   One of the primary goals of institutional budgeting processes is to secure the resources that an institution needs to achieve its mission and to ensure that those resources are allocated as efficiently & effectively as possible in support of accomplishing the institution's mission.  From that perspective, (a) briefly define each of the following budgeting models, explain the strengths and weakness of each model, the circumstances under which the model might be most effective, and then (b) make the case for which model would be most effective in publicly supported higher education institutions, with regard to reallocating resources from one area of the campus to another to support new revenue generating initiatives. Budgeting Models:        Incremental Budgeting Zero-Based Budgeting Formula-Based Budgeting Performance-Based Budgeting Responsibility Center Management        In your response to both parts of this question be sure to draw from both practitioner-oriented resources as well as the relevant scholarly literature.   CATEGORY C: PURPOSES & POLICIES/DIVERSITY Directions:  Respond to either Question C-1 OR Question C-2 QUESTION # C-1: PURPOSES & POLICIES Higher education in the United States has tended to shift in accordance with changing demographics, needs of the economy, and the social policy initiatives or political agenda of different governments. Drawing on the existing literature and your opinion, argue if higher education is for the public good, the private good, or is both. Be sure not to hedge your bets, and take a stand. Make certain that your essay discusses how your view on "good" of higher education affects policy on the institutional and public levels.   QUESTION # C-2: DIVERSITY Indianapolis State University at Fort Cochran (ISU) is an urban, regional, comprehensive, state-assisted university serving about 10,000 students. Thirty percent of the students are commuters and 10 percent of the student population is minority. African Americans make-up the largest minority group (95%). ISU has experienced a series of problems ranging from low persistence rates (60% at the end of freshman year) to minority student complaints about a hostile climate both inside and outside the classroom. You have been asked to consult with the Vice President of Student Affairs, Dr. Smith. She is particularly interested in knowing what theories and research she should look to in order to increase both student persistence and campus climate. In particularly, Dr. Smith wants to know which factors, student behaviors, and attitudes that can be influenced by retention and climate based programs.
Manupali River watershed, Philippines: elevation (left) and TSS and E. coli measurements (right). The quantity of TSS and  coli is shown to increase on the right side of the diagram. What does this mean?
Matching #7-10
What does the process of transpiration refer to?
Sonography provides diagnostic imaging utilizing
A depolarization is when the inside of a neuron becomes _______________ the resting  membrane potential.
U.S. withdrawal from the Vietnam War occurred during whose presidency?
For angles of incidence greater than the critical angle, the field is evanescent (i.e., total internal reflection occurs)
You have just intubated your pulseless and apneic patient. You have end-tidal carbon dioxide readings in the 10-12mmHg range, no epigastric sounds and lung sounds only on the right side. You should
Martha Stewart was convicted of what?
