Q 1[10 points]. The following data are diameters (in cm) of two types of pine trees.   Type I: 37.1  37.8  38.8  41.1  34.8  34.0  33.6  35.1  35.0  36.3  33.2  38.7 Type II: 32.4  40.8  31.8  27.1  36.6  25.0  28.7   28.3  30.9  27.6  33.2  Exam the data graphically using side by side boxplots and discuss your findings. What are the appropriate null and alternate hypothesis to compare the two types of trees? Perform the hypothesis tests that you listed in (b). Report test statistics & p-value. Summarize your conclusion Find and interpret 95%  confidence interval for the difference between the two means List and verify the assumptions required for (c )and (d).    Q2[5 points].  A student hypothesizes that freshman, sophomore, junior and senior college students have different attitude towards obtaining arts degrees. Based on his prior knowledge, he expects that the effect size is about 0.30.  For a power of 0.80 at significance level 0.05, what should be the total sample size. For a higher power 0.90, but same significance level What would be the required sample size?    Q3[15 points]. Use PimaIndiansDiabetes data in library(mlbench). Divide the data set into train and test data (random selection, 80%: 20%). The goal here is to model and predict if a given sample is diabetes Class 'positive (pos)' or 'negative (neg)'. A. Fit a logistic regression model for the above purpose.  Interpret your results. Use the model to predict both using training data and test data. Prepare confusion matrix and compare training accuracy and testing accuracy. B. Use Linear Discriminant Analysis for classification. Use the model to predict both using training data and test data.  Prepare confusion matrix and compare training accuracy and testing accuracy. C. Which method gives you better results. Explain. Q4[10 points]. Use the moth-trap data Click here to get the data We would like to see whether there is any  Factor A - 'location effect' on the  number of moths  Factor B - 'Type of Lure' effect  on the  number of moths and  Interaction effect on the  number of moths.   Perform required analysis and  report your results with necessary tables.  Verify any assumptions that are needed for the analysis you did. .
The following list displays the levels of structural organization.  Put these items in order from largest to smallest. 1. cells 2. chemicals 3. organ systems 4. organs 5. organelles 6. tissues
Underweight and undernourished adults who are over age 65 are at increased risk for low body protein and fat stores and a depressed immune system, which makes it more difficult to fight infections as well as weakness and fatigue.
Pedro is interested in modeling sales based on five variables (x1, x2, x3, x4, x5). He has 25 observations. After running the model with all five variables, he determines that he would like to remove x3, x4, x5 from the model. He computes the F test statistic to be 2.75.  What would be the p-value for the nested F test? Round your answer to three decimal places.
Almost all of the information we have about distant astronomical objects comes from an analysis of
Which of the following is the male analog to the ovary?
Which of the following does not generate ATP
A client was started on rosiglitazone for type 2 diabetes. He tells the nurse that he has been taking it for 5 days, but his glucose levels are unchanged. The nurse's best response is:
What product(s) is/are obtained from 3-hydroxy cyclohexanecarbaldehyde treated with methyl magnesium bromide? Describe the product structure as text, avoiding long explanations. Do not try to draw structures.
What is the role of hydrochloric acid (HCl) in protein digestion? What happens if HCl secretion is not adequate?
Which of the following organisms displays bilateral symmetry?     a.   sponges   c.   bees     b.   jellyfish   d.   amoeba
A patient is 48-hours following an appendectomy and has not achieved satisfactory pain relief. What should the nurse do when evaluating established goals?
Pesticides and topical flea and tick products are regulated by [answer1]. Oral or parenterally administered products are regulated by [answer2].
Melanin production is stimulated by _________.
The manufacturing overhead budget requires that costs be separated into their fixed and variable components. Another budget that has this requirement is the:
Stereotype threats are associated with failing to perform up to an individual's ability.
In a problem/solution essay, there must only be one problem and one solution.
Define Diastema
37. "The gemmy bridle glitter'd free,/Like to some branch of stars we see/Hung in the golden Galaxy" is an example of what literary device in "The Lady of Shalott"?
What is the main challenge during DNA extraction?
