This question can earn you 10 extra points as extra-credit. Write pseudocode/code for implementing the Breadth First Search Algorithm of a graph, G that takes a source vertex S as input (8). Also, state the Big O complexity of the traversal in the worst case (2).
Which is not a knee flexor?
Water boils at 212oF or ________oC.
Athletes performing in bright sunlight often smear black eye grease under their eyes to reduce glare. Does eye grease work? In one study, 8 student subjects took a test of sensitivity to contrast after a fixed time facing into bright sun, both with and without eye grease. Measurements for the increase in sensitivity to contrast were obtained for the 8 subjects.  A positive value indicates they were more sensitive to contrast when using black eye grease (the desired outcome) and a negative value indicates they were less sensitive.  A value of zero indicates there was no difference in sensitivity to contrast when using the black eye grease.  A 95% confidence interval for the mean increase in sensitivity for the sample was
Part 3: Bonus question; you don't have to answer but if you do and the answer is correct 5 points added to your final score. There are two parts to this question; answer both parts to get full credit.    1. What is the "rule of 70" equation for population doubling time?  Define each factor or variable.   2.  Assume the per capita growth rate for a population is 2%; how many years will pass by the time the population doubles.
In Amy Chua's book "The Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother," her problem in parenting her daughter Lulu is
How long should the technician wait before reading a skinfold gauge?
A client expresses self-doubt about role performance, and talks about being overwhelmed most of time. Which of the following nursing diagnosis would address this client's symptom?
Which organization develops plans for the recovery of endangered or threatened organisms and is in charge of the Endangered Species Act?
A woman who notices an involuntary loss of urine following a coughing episode is most likely experiencing which of the following types of incontinence?
Which of the following is true of the hydroxyl groups in 2-Methyl-1,2-propanediol?
Consider the discrete probability distribution to the right when answering the following question.  Find the probability that x equals 4.   Round to the nearest hundredth.
7.  In this problem, you will design a mixed-logic circuit diagram and some input and output circuits. a)  Draw the mixed-logic circuit diagram to directly implement (i.e., do NOT simplify) the below equation using parts from one single chip. Use the minimum number of gates from this single chip. (This should be a circuit diagram, not a layout diagram.) Choose the optimal (best) activation-levels for A and B. Label the pin numbers on your circuit diagram. B must be active-low, i.e., B(L).
You own a bond with a 5% yearly coupon and the market interest rate is 4%.  If the market interest rate stays at 4% during the coming year, the expression (coupon + next year's price - this year's price) / this year's price will equal which of the following?
With the invention of photography in the nineteenth century, what were artists and scientists finally able to do?
What assay was used in Lab #6 to measure the concentration of the protein in the well plates?
What does Ravi Shankar say is the highest aim of music?
Name the blue spherical structures in the center of these human cheek cells. What term is given to cells that have one.
A cat owner went swimming to a public pool during the hot days. After a week, he began experiencing stomach cramps, nausea, vomiting, dehydration, and weight loss. Which of the following parasites could be responsible?
The balance in the prepaid rent account before adjustment at the end of the year is $32,000, which represents four months' rent paid on December 1. The adjusting entry required on December 31 is
