A company's inventory records report the following:     August 1 Beginning balance 15 units @ $12   August 5 Purchase 10 units @ $13   August 12 Purchase 20 units @ $14   August 15 Sale 30 units    Using the FIFO perpetual inventory method, what is the value of the ending inventory (inventory balance) after the sale on August 15th?
EXERPT FROM 'THE OVERCOAT' by Nikolai Gogol When and how he entered the department, and who appointed him, no one could remember.  However much the directors and chiefs of all kinds were changed, he was always to be seen in the same place, the same attitude, the same occupation; so that it was afterwards affirmed that he had been born in undress uniform with a bald head.  No respect was shown him in the department.  The porter not only did not rise from his seat when he passed, but never even glanced at him, any more than if a fly had flown through the reception-room.  His superiors treated him in coolly despotic1 fashion.  Some sub-chief would thrust a paper under his nose without so much as saying, "Copy," or "Here's a nice interesting affair," or anything else agreeable, as is customary amongst well-bred officials.  And he took it, looking only at the paper and not observing who handed it to him, or whether he had the right to do so; simply took it, and set about copying it. The young officials laughed at and made fun of him, so far as their official with permitted; told in his presence various stories concocted about him, and about his landlady, an old woman of seventy; declared that she beat him; asked when the wedding was to be; and strewed bits of paper over his head, calling them snow.  But Akakiy Akakievitch answered not at word, any more than if there had been no one there besides himself.  It even had no effect upon his work; amid all these annoyances he never made a single mistake in a letter.  But I'd the joking became wholly unbearable, as when they jogged his hand and prevented his attending to his work, he would exclaim, "Leave me alone! Why do you insult me?" And there was something strange in the words and the voice in which they were uttered.  There was in it something which moved to pity; so much that one young man, a new comer, who, taking pattern by the others, had permitted himself to make sport of Akakiy, suddenly stopped short, as though all about him had undergone a transformation, and presented itself in a different aspect.  Some unseen force repelled him from the comrades whose acquaintance he had made on the supposition that they were well-bred and polite men.  Long afterwards, in his gayest moments, there recurred to his mind the little official with the bald forehead, with his heart-rending words, "Leave me alone! Why do you insult me?" In these moving words, other words resounded -- "I am thy brother." And the young man covered his face with his hand; and many a time afterwards, in the course of his life, shuddered at seeing how much inhumanity there is in man, how much savage coarseness is concealed beneath delicate, refined worldliness, and even in that man whom the world acknowledges as honourable and noble. It would be difficult to find another man who lived so entirely for his duties.  It is not enough to say that Akakiy laboured with zeal; no, he laboured with love.  In his copying, he found a varied and agreeable employment.  Enjoyment was written on his face: some letters were even favourites with him; and when he encountered these, he smiled, winked, and worked with his lips, till it seemed as though each letter might be read in his face, as his pen traced it.  If his pay had been in proportion to his zeal, he would, perhaps, to his great surprise, have been made even a councillor of state.  But he worked, as his companions, the wits, put it, like a horse in a mill. Moreover, it is impossible to say that no attention was paid to him.  One director being a kindly man, and desirous of rewarding him for his long service, ordered him to be given something more important than mere copying.  So he was ordered to make a report of an already concluded affair of another department: the duty consisting simply of changing the heading and altering a few words from the first to the third person.  This caused him so much toll that he broke into a perspiration, rubbed his forehead, and finally said, "No, give me rather something to copy."  After that they let him copy on forever.    Which quotation from paragraph 3 best illustrates the meaning of the word "zeal" as it is used in the paragraph?
When a memorable conclusion relates back to an attention-grabbing introduction, it is called
Which of the following is the most common method used to hedge a transaction?
If 2.21 grams of strontium combines with 1.79 grams of chlorine to form a chloride, calculate the percent chlorine in the compound.
"As a student, I want to register for a class in order to fulfill education requirements" is an example of a(n) _________________.
Explain how latitude affects the type of climate that a region experiences.
Which of the following statements is true about chirality?
This is a Multiple Response Item The nurse is providing dietary teaching to a client discharging after being diagnosed with hyperthyroidism. Which of the following dietary modifications will the nurse include in the teaching?  (Select all that apply by putting the letter(s) of the correct answer in alphabetical order in the answer box without any commas or spaces) A. Increased salt water fish or seafood B. Increased overall calories C. Elimination of fatty food D. Increased carbohydrates E. Increased Protein F. Fluid restriction
What programming language is used for controlling robots?
Which of the following triggered an escalation of U.S. involvement in Vietnam?
Which phrase best describes the pharmacodynamic aspects of medication administration?
The German invasion of Poland in 1939 was significant for which of the following reasons?
Use your graphing calculator to identify the graph the equation.
In the oxidation of glucose by reaction of potassium permanganate, which temperature range had the fastest reaction rate?
Which of the following neuromuscular blocking agents (NMBA) is used to facilitate intubation?
Which of the following was not said by Tom French in the interview that follows his story?
Which of the following statements best describes Latin America?
Which structure lies posterior to the bladder and anterior to the rectum and secretes an alkaline, fructose filled fluid?
A +6.0 magnitude star is brighter than a +3.0 magnitude star.
