DIRECTIONS: Choose the correct answer for each question. Shark Attack [A] The morning had started out well for 41-year-old surfer Sam Edwardes. Sam was with his housemate Dane near Belongil Beach in the Australian state of New South Wales. The waves looked good and Sam was sitting on his surfboard, waiting for the right time to begin his first attempt.[B] Suddenly, horror struck. A great white shark rose from beneath the surface and pushed him off his board with great force. Edwardes felt a sharp pain in his leg and began to scream. As quickly as he possibly could, he got back on his board and began paddling toward the beach. As he paddled toward the shore, he shouted for help and warned other surfers about the shark.[C] When he arrived on the beach, his housemate and others on the sand realized how bad the damage was. The scene was extremely frightening. The shark had bitten a large piece out of his leg and blood was spilling out quickly. The shark had also taken a large chunk out of his surfboard.[D] Fortunately, Edwardes and those around him remained remarkably calm. His housemate and others on the beach called for an ambulance and helped stop the blood flow with a number of surfing ropes. Although Edwardes was confused about what was happening to him, he stayed calm enough to thank those around him for helping him. He was soon airlifted1 to a nearby hospital.[E] After surgery lasting four and a half hours, it became clear that Edwardes had been extremely lucky. The shark had missed some of the most important arteries2 and nerves.3 Because of this, not only was he able to survive, but there is a good chance that he will be able to surf again in the future. 1 To be airlifted is to be transported by airplane or helicopter. 2 An artery is a tube in the body that carries blood from the heart to other parts of the body.3 A nerve is a part of the body that sends messages between the brain and other parts of the body, allowing for movement and feeling.The author suggests in the last paragraph that ________.
The nurse is caring for a client with a small bowel obstruction and a nasogastric tube to low intermittent suction. Which acid-base balance does the nurse expect to see in this client?
What is your next course of action?
Our 24-hour (circadian) rhythm of sleep and wake is regulated by the__________________.
23.  Utilitarianism says that right actions are those that produce the greatest happiness for
The eighteenth century was an age of bad living.
Explain what happens to hydrostatic pressure within the vascular system in the following positions. In the wrist of a patient standing with their arms raised (2 points). Patient in the supine position (2 points). At the ankle of a patient standing (2 (points).
Where in the body is blood pressure the highest?
Which of the following is a major cause of osteoporosis in older women?
In order fuse nuclei together and make larger elements, a star must overcome what force of nature?
An aspect of clinical decision making is knowing the patient. Which of the following is the most critical aspect of developing the ability to know the patient?
The arrow indicates which bone (or group of bones) on this rat skeleton?
10. The first antibodies the body makes during the primary immune response
Upwelling areas have very high productivity, and this results in shorter food webs when compared to those found in the open ocean (less productivity).
Which of the projective tests is shown here?
Depositions are part of the:
Which of the following makes up the sensitive laminae?
Primary stakeholders of an organization include:
The nurse is caring for the patient with oral cancer who has just undergone a partial glossectomy and partial mandibulectomy and identifies the patient's highest priority as:
Which laboratory result in a client with cancer suggests the possibility of syndrome of inappropriate anitdiuretic hormone (SIADH)?
