The ventilator waveform illustrated below suggests which of the following?  I. Higher functional residual volume (FRC) II. Higher Pplats III. Increased spontaneous tidal volumes (VT) IV. Use of PEEP
How many ways are there to permute the letters in SOUPSPOONS?
Which of the following sequences correctly represents the flow of energy during aerobic cell respiration?
For many questions in a regular exam in this course, you will need to show work on piece of paper which will be uploaded as a PDF.  However, you need to remain in view of the camera.  You may need to adjust your camera so it can still see you while you bend down to write on the paper. Practice doing this now.  Make sure the window with your image is showing on the screen.  Adjust the camera to keep you in view while you write a random sentence on a piece of paper. Choose the answer below that best describes how this went.
Consider an induction motor rated at 440 V (l-l, rms), 3 phase, 4 pole, 60 Hz, and 1740 rpm with the following parameters at 60 Hz:          R1 = 0.045             R2 = 0.05                     X1 = X2 = 0.2                       Xm = 2   The motor is driving a fan in a warehouse.  During off-business hours, the speed of the fan must be reduced to 35% of the rated speed.  The fan requires rated torque at the rated speed.  The motor is supplied from a 6-step (square-wave switching) voltage-source inverter (VSI) with constant, rated, V/Hz control.  Determine the efficiency of the motor at both the rated speed and the reduced speed. You should include the losses due to the first 4 harmonics produced by the inverter in your calculations. Determine the amount of voltage boost that would be required to maintain rated flux at the reduced speed.
This divides the cerebral hemispheres.
Which of the following is not one of the titles given to laws designed to protect citizens against any criminal charge or civil suit if they use force, including deadly force, against an invader of their home?
3.3a    Discuss in what way poor water infrastructure is contributing to the negative impact of drought in the Eastern Cape.  (2)
What was your favorite piece of literature you read this semester? Why did you find it interesting?
Question 36 and 37 refer to the following passage: Manifesto of the Society for German Colonization, April 1884 "In the partition of the earth, as it has proceeded from the beginning of the fifteenth century up to our times, the German nation received nothing. All the remaining European culture-bearing peoples possess areas outside our continent where their languages and customs can take firm root and flourish. The moment that the German emigrant leaves the borders of the Reich behind him, he is a stranger sojourning on foreign soil. The German Reich, great in size and strength through its bloodily achieved unity, stands in the leading position among the continental European powers: her sons abroad must adapt themselves to nations which look upon us with either indifference or even hostility. For centuries the great stream of German emigration has been plunging down into foreign races where it is lost sight of. Germandom outside Europe has been undergoing a perpetual national decline. . . .   The Society for German Colonization aims to undertake on its own, in a resolute and sweeping manner, carefully chosen colonization projects and thereby supplement the ranks of organizations with similar tendencies. Its particular tasks will be:  to provide necessary sums of capital for colonization; to seek out and lay claim to suitable districts for colonization; to direct German emigrants to these regions."  --Carl Peters (German Author), Die Grundung von Deutsch-Ostafrika (The Foundation of German East Africa), 1906 In what region did Germany fail to fulfill the objective of the manifesto?
BONUS: Sensory nerves are considered:
Companies can be held liable for the harassment of their employees.
In higher-order conditioning, the CS2 generally elicits a ________________response than the CS1.
At which stage of the cell cycle are the number of chromosomes in the cell doubled?
Grover, a single taxpayer, received a $4,000 refund of state income taxes in 2020 that he paid in 2019.  In 2019 Grover had itemized deductions of $13,300 including $6,000 of state income taxes.  How much of the refund, if any, must Grover include in gross income in 2020?
Which of the following statements about corporate paralegals is/are TRUE?
1.1.16   The equilibrium point of the SRAS and AD is positioned in what direction compared to the LRAS during an inflationary gap?   (1)
?Cuantos pasajeros hay? (1)
Another name for machinist's hammer is _____.
A morbidly obese client is interesting in losing weight. Which of the following treatment goals is best for the client to achieve?
