A nurse is taking care of a post CVA patient with residual right sided weakness. The nurse is assessing the patient's neuromuscular function and rates her muscle strength on the right side as a 2.  What does this mean?
A molecule which loses an electron, during a chemical reaction, has been oxidized
Who of the following people is most likely to commit a hate crime in the United States?
OCD is a common condition we can see in shoulders.  What does it stand for?
Provide an appropriate response.The diameter of ball bearings produced in a manufacturing process can be explained using a uniform distribution over the interval 3.5 to 5.5 millimeters. What is the probability that a randomly selected ball bearing has a diameter greater than 4.4 millimeters?
A structure that provides a cushion and improves the fit between bones in a joint,  and increases the stability of the joint is a tendon sheath.
Mr. John Doe is a 43-year-old African-American male who presents to the clinic to follow-up on elevated blood pressure. You saw Mr. Doe 3 months ago for a routine physical. At that time, his blood pressure was noted to be elevated at 135/86. After a discussion with Mr. Doe, he opted to try lifestyle modifications to reduce his blood pressure. Today, he reports in the last 3 months he has been following a heart healthy diet, exercising 3 times per week, and has lost 5 pounds (lbs). Mr. Doe has a past medical history of anxiety and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). His current medications include Celexa (citalopram) 20 mg once daily and Prilosec (omeprazole) 40 mg once daily. He has no known drug allergies. Mr. Doe reports a family history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and type 2 diabetes mellitus. He works as a computer programmer and is married with two children.  Physical exam: Temp 98.6deg F, BP 138/88, HR 85, RR 18, 02 Sat 100%, Height 6'1, Weight 220 lbs, BMI 29, Well-appearing and well-nourished; Cardiac- regular rate and rhythm; no murmurs, thrills or bruits; peripheral pulses 2+, no edema; Respiratory- clear to auscultation bilaterally Diagnostic tests: Electrocardiogram (ECG): Normal sinus rhythm at 85 beats per minute (bpm)  You have diagnosed Mr. Doe with stage I hypertension.  Describe the initial treatment plan for this patient including non-pharmacologic and pharmacologic interventions . Select all that apply.  Correct Answers:  Prescribe a first line antihypertensive agent. Obtain a complete health history and drug history including allergies, current prescriptions, over-the-counter drugs, herbal preparations, and alcohol use. Order and evaluate lab findings including electrolytes, liver and kidney function tests, and lipid profiles. Obtain baseline weight, vital signs (especially blood pressure and pulse), and cardiac monitoring. Monitor for desired therapeutic effects as well as adverse effects.  Case Study question.......When initiating antihypertensive medication, patients should generally follow-up in 2-4 weeks to assess efficacy as well as adverse effects. The patient's glucose level is within normal limits. Endocrinology referral is not warranted at this time.
The spindle apparatus begins to become visible during_______.
An intravenous hypertonic solution containing dextrose, proteins, vitamins, and minerals is known as:
The smallest intensity is:
According to Howard Gardner's conception of intelligence, what kind of intelligence is characterized by the skillful production and use of language?
All the following statements are false regarding prescriptions except:
Whenever Shawn hears ABBA's "Dancing Queen," he shouts the incorrect lyrics, "Dancing queen, feel the beat from the tangerine!" Eventually, his friend Jay tells him the correct lyrics, but it is very difficult for Shawn to "unhear" the lyrics he's used to. What is this an example of?
Decidan la respuesta correcta para cada oracion para indicar que hacen varias personas en sus viajes. En una excursion, le hacemos preguntas al guia. ---------  --------- hacemos.
A mother rushes her infant to the ED and states "Help, my baby is unresponsive!" Which of the following terms is applicable when a person inflicts illness or injury on someone else to gain the attention of emergency medical personnel or to be a "hero" for saving the victim?
Shay's Rebellion occurred in Massachusetts between the end of the Revolutionary War and the signing of the U.S. Constitution. Which of the following is FALSE with respect to the events leading up to Shay's Rebellion?
Which of the following statements is true in regards to plant and animals?
The first step in the accounting cycle is to analyze transactions and events to prepare for journalizing.
The patient has MRSA and receives Vancomycin  IV. The nurse assesses an upper body rash and decreased urine output. What is the nurse's priority action?
An erythrocyte is about ___ hemoglobin by volume.
