Let us say the cost of a False Positive is 6 units and the cost of a False-negative is 2 units. In this context answer the following. (a) (6) How would you adjust the decision tree algorithm so that its performance on unseen cases minimizes the total expected cost instead of maximizing the accuracy?   (b) (6) Recall the Support Vector Machine formulation discussed in class, specifically the case in which we minimize the cost of misclassifications using a constant parameter C. Suggest a solution for learning an SVM classifier in which the cost of the two types of errors are different. Do not write any formulas, describe your ideas in language.
Answer the following questions concerning the problem-solving method for the example below.  2. Now use Newton's 2nd law to find the acceleration. Again, do not round your answer, and put the magnitude.
Utilitarianism is somewhat of a mathematical approach to ethics.
Which is the most important question to ask a 68-year old patient who wants to get the shingles vaccine?
In which of the following did the Allies re-establish their presence in France and begin to force Germany out?
Dr. Carter is an orthopedic surgeon.  He is a member of a large physician practice in Columbus, Ohio, and he has privileges at Happy Hospital.  On average, he admits twelve inpatients for hip replacements surgeries a month at Happy Hospital.  For these inpatient cases which code set does Dr. Carter's office staff utilize to report the hip replacement procedures?
A company incurred an expense of $16,000 in 2020.  Of this, $4,000 was paid in 2020 and the remaining $12,000 was paid in 2021.  Under the accrual basis of accounting, what was the amount of expense recognized in 2020?
Find the area of the sector.
A partnership agreement provides that, at sale, cash proceeds are distributed first to Mr. Smith in an amount equal to his original investment less any cash distributions previously received, then split 50-50 between Mr. Smith and Ms. Jones. Assume that the cash flows from sale are $1 million. How much would Mr. Smith receive if his initial investment was $400,000 and he previously received $25,000 in distributions?
Which of the following is/are clues that a person may have reading/comprehension difficulties?
Unattached earlobes are dominant over attached earlobes. You and your sibling have attached earlobes. Your parents have unattached earlobes. What are the genotypes of your parents?
Bone grafts are usually taken from the ____.
An organism whose internal environment changes to match changes its external environment is called a(n):
The nucleus of an electrically neutral iron atom contains 26 protons and an unspecified number of neutrons. How many electrons does this iron atom have?
Companies applying for H-1B visas must offer a wage that is at least what percent of the average salary for the occupation?
A $10,000, 8 percent coupon bond that sells for $10,000 has a yield to maturity of
How many grams of chromium would be electroplated by passing a constant current of 5.2 amperes through a solution containing CrCl3 for 45.0 min?
Which of the following is FALSE regarding sliding "step-up" hinges?
Which of the following is NOT a major factor in causing racial health disparities?
Use current divider concepts to find the current in R4.
