Essay 1 should be formatted in 14-point Calibri font.
El futbol y la industria del entretenimiento       Los deportes no solo estan entre los entretenimientos mas populares en el mundo, sino tambien son un de las industrias mas lucrativas del planeta. Los aficionados a los deportes generan grandes ganancias (earnings) mediante los precios de las entradas a un estadio, la venta de productos con logotipos de los equipos y hasta con apuestas (bets).       Un deporte que genera pasion entre millones de personas es el futbol. Segun un informe de la Federacion Internacional de Futbol Asociado (FIFA), mas de 265 millones de personas practican este deporte a nivel nacional, incluyendo futbol masculino, femenino y juvenil. Ademas, la popularidad de este deporte sigue en aumento. En los Estados Unidos hay 24,4 millones de futbolistas, en Brasil mas de 13 y en Mexico 8,4.       Historicamente, en varios paises europeos se jugaron deportes parecidos al futbol durante toda la Edad Media (MIddel Ages). Se considera que el futbol moderno nacio en 1863, en Inglaterra, cuando se promovio en Londres un codigo (rules) de futbol universal aceptado por todos. El deporte se extendio primero por Europa, y luego por el mundo entero, llegando a tener gran popularidad en Latinoamerica. La FIFA fue creada en 1904 y la Federacion Sudamericana de Futbol en 1916, ano en que se creo La Copa America - el torneo internacional de selecciones mas antiguo. La primera Copa del Mundo (World Cup) se jugo en 1930 en Uruguay.       Aunque es cierto que los clubes de futbol alrededor del mundo y la FIFA dejan una derrama economica (earnings) muy importante, tambien es cierto que la FIFA y algunos clubes devuelven algo a la sociedad: Desde 1999 la FIFA trabaja con la UNICEF con propositos beneficos, aportando dinero para el desarrollo del deporte en zonas donde las carencias (lack, shortage) lo hacen dificil. Ademas, organiza partidos amistosos para recaudar (to raise) fondos de beneficencia. Muchos clubes deportivos realizan tambien sus propios eventos para ayudar a su comunidad. Asi, todos ganan con el deporte.       3) En los Estados Unidos hay mas futbolistas que en Brasil.
William downloaded some free software to help him with photo editing. A few days later, William noticed several personal photographs were modified and posted to various social media pages with obscene comments. He also noticed that there were videos of him that were morphed and circulated on adult websites. The videos were obviously taken using his webcam.What should William do to fix his problem and prevent it from happening again in the future?
The term villas refers to
Note: Only do this if you have completed your exam. You will not get the opportunity to return to the questions if you submit. Please show all completed pages of work to the camera one at a time (I need to be able to read it from webcam if needed). Any work you submit that does not match this will be considered outside assistance and will receive a zero.   Select "True" when you have finished and then submit the exam. You will then be able to access the "Exam 1 Work" assignment in the Exam Submission module directly below this one. Please open that assignment immediately after finishing the exam and submit it within fifteen minutes. You must upload a PDF or Word Document for the system to accept it.
*In sickle cell disease a single base substitution occurs in the b globin gene coding a subunit of the hemoglobin protein. This mutation causes red blood cells to become rigid instead of flexible and, as a result, are poor at carrying oxygen to body tissues and have a reduced cell life. Which of the following describes the effects of sickle cell disease?
The first organ to develop in humans is the _____.
Another term for ordering is
What is the name of this ancient queen?
What is the leakage radiation limit allowed by the federal governing agencies?     __________________ mR/hr at 1 meter
Adan, ? [dropdown1] comunicarte con el supervisor de la tienda?
Canine teeth are also called
Given that the reaction below is exothermic, which of the following statements is true? 2 N2O(g)  -  2 N2(g) + O2(g)
In a company using _____, employees tend to control their own behavior, which reduces the need for direct supervision.
From spectroscopy we can learn
Which of the following would you expect to find in the cell membrane of an animal that lives in a cold region? [This material would help to keep the cell membranes fluid]
How can the host community use event media to enhance its image? Use outside research to support your answer.
The point-of-sale system at the hotel's restaurant crashed during the night audit. The next morning, the front office manager and the restaurant manager implemented a manual back-up system of paper vouchers to minimize:
A client who has osteoporosis says, "I am exercising more. I go to the gym once a week." How should the nurse respond? (Select all that apply)
Bilateral renal agenesis is obviously a problem because the newborn will be unable to filter out waste products from the bloodstream.  However, the newborn faces a more immediate problem because fetuses that have bilateral renal agenesis often have abnormal development of their
