Solve the problem.Find the point of diminishing returns (x, y) for the function , where R(x) represents revenue in thousands of dollars and x represents the amount spent on advertising in tens of thousands of dollars.
A study in which subjects are assigned by the researcher into experimental and control groups increases
If you answered that the in-text citations are documented correctly in the following excerpt, then, in the provided text box, explain two reasons why they are correct.  OR If you answered that the in-text citations are NOT documented correctly in the following excerpt, then, in the provided text box, explain two reasons why they are not correct.                                                     Introduction: 1.Imagine how many families in America include a family member who regularly gambles. 2.Several recent studies prove that the numbers are large, but many people do not understand the effect that gambling has on the family (Jost 56). 3.Susie Smith, author of the book Families in Crisis and a professor of Sociology at Yale University, argues that excessive gambling leads to broken homes. 4.In her article, "Gambling in America-Does Excessive Gambling By a Parent Negatively Impact His or Her Family: Pro," she defends her position on the dangers of gambling. 5.On the other hand, James Johnson, a law professor at Stanford, condemns excessive gambling, but he does not believe it ultimately hurts families; he validates his position in his article, "Gambling in America-Does Excessive Gambling By a Parent Negatively Impact His or Her Family: Con." 6.Smith uses outside sources and appeals to logic, while Johnson focuses on statistics and appeals to emotion, as these elements help him support his position.             First Rhetorical Tool body paragraph: 7.Rhetorical tools are used throughout Smith's article. 8.She uses outside sources to defend her argument about gambling. 9.Smith cites a 2010 report published in the Journal of Family Law and written by James McKey indicating that excessive gambling is a leading cause of marital break-ups in the United States (Smith, par. 5). 10.The rate of divorce due to excessive gambling is even higher when children are involved (par. 5). 11.Studies show, unfortunately, that the "[p]ainful effects of their parents' breakups can stay with children for years" (par. 7). 12.Smith quotes Edward W. Barth, a psychiatrist and author of the new book Adult Children of Divorce, who observes that "children of single mothers get involved in substance abuse and other troubling behaviors . . . more than kids with fathers at home" (par. 6). 13.Smith continuously places blame on the party who gambles, whether it is the wife or husband. 14.It is so imperative that you do not excessively gamble because it may lead to divorce, which then may hurt the children. 15.Susie Smith cites outside authorities to note the painful effects of divorce that can result when a parent excessively gambles.
What is significant about the atomic bomb that makes it a historic weapon?
Reactive dating scripts ____________.
Deforestation contributes to infectious disease by release microbes into the environment.
____ helps executives summarize the major facts and forecasts derived from external and internal analyses.
What is the difference between covalent  and ionic bonds?
If the percent yield for the following reaction is 65.0%, how many grams of KClO3 are needed to produce 42.0 g of O2? 2 KClO3(s) - 2 KCl(s) + 3 O2(g)
Surfactants is one of the later components made in the fetus (prior to birth).
Amanda has tics where she blinks her eyes uncontrollably and repeatedly. That is the only type of tic that she has. These tics started 8 months ago and happen multiple times per day. Amanda is 10 years old. What disorder does she have?
The China's Lost Girls movie features the first _________ ever adopted from China.
Osmium has a density of 22.6 g/cm3 .  What volume (in cm3) would be occupied by a 21.8 g sample of osmium? a.  0.965 b.  1.04 c.  493 d.  2.03 X 10-3 e.  2.03 X 103
Bacteria that produce infection only when specific conditions arise
Answer in a full sentence: Wo steigen wir um?
Which nerve labeled in the diagram does NOT arise from any plexus?
INSTRUCTIONS: Unscramble the words and phrases to make correct sentences that use the verb be and a past participle.finished / Maria / is / with dinner / not
Isaac is a middle school teacher with gross income this year of $35,000. Based on the following, what is Isaac's adjusted gross income?$4,000 qualified education interest expense.$2,000 alimony received (divorced prior to 2019).$1,000 contribution to a traditional IRA.$750 in educator expenses.
Identify the indicated organ. [sublingual]
[Problem-Solving] Q1. (10 points) Suppose you buy a 30-year, 8% annual coupon bond for $990 and you plan to hold it for 10 years. You forecast the bond's yield to maturity to be 9% when it is sold and the reinvestment rate on the coupons to be 6% for the first four years and 7% for the next six years.  What is the forecasted sales price for the bond after 10 years? (3 points) How much will the 10 coupon payments grow into by the end of the first 10 years? (5 points) What is the realized compound return? (2 points)
