Open Quiz below
Eighty college students were asked to rate two scientists, one male and one female, on their knowledge about their topic areas. Each student was given two passages to read: one passage was about the numerous bio-domes in the world ("Biology") and another passage was about enhancing the education of elementary school children ("Education").Half of the students were told that the Biology passage was written by a female and the Education passage was written by a male. The other half of students were told the Biology passage was written by a male and the Education passage was written by a female. Then students rated the scientist's knowledge on their topic areas on a scale ranging from 1 ("Does not display a professional level of knowledge") to 100 ("Displays a thorough knowledge of the topic").A two-factor ANOVA was conducted, and the mean ratings are listed below for each scientist gender and topic area condition. Assume that any effects (or mean differences) you measure are statistically significant.          Scientist Gender   Female Male   Topic Area Biology 50 65   Education 80 70     a) State whether the results show main effects and/or an interaction.  b) Significant or not, clearly describe each of these effects and the interaction in Plain English.
Which of the following is NOT a possible consequence of abnormally high muscle tone?
The microscopic components of the parenchyma of the kidney are called:     a.   nephrons     b.   calyces     c.   the glomerulus     d.   cortical substances
During the four stroke cycle, the piston is moving toward TDC (top dead center) during what two strokes
Define the reaction rate with respect to the product of the reaction: H2 (g) + I2 (g) - 2 HI (g)
Muscles that contract at the same time as the prime mover are called:
The nurse is planning care for the patient with acute kidney injury. Which assessment data best supports the nursing diagnosis Excess Fluid Volume?
Which of the following structures is most numerous within a kidney?
Which of the following components of blood are responsible for protecting the body against blood loss?
Which statement is consistent with the Red Queen Hypothesis?
Immovable cartilaginous joints are called ________________.
The term for a close association between organisms of two species leading to benefit to both is
With contingent valuation you conduct surveys, asking people their thoughts, rather than observing their actions.
The nurse is performing an assessment of a client's cranial nerves. Which tool will the nurse have available to assess cranial nerve III?
Caffeine therapy in premature infants during the CAP trial was found to (select all that apply)
tmyz b
Lead pollution is a problem because lead ________.
Sterilization is achieved by
Scott is a one year old, and his mother is sensitive and responsive to his needs. Scott is distressed when his mother leaves him, and he is happy to see her when she returns.  According to the text, Scott is experiencing avoidant attachment.
