The nurse is caring for a client who is post-op day one from an appendectomy. Which of the following interventions would the nurse include in the plan of care to prevent venous thromboembolism?
Preoperative Diagnoses: History of bilateral breast carcinoma. Right central breast carcinoma excision two weeks ago, current condition, with positive margins. History of left breast carcinoma ten years ago. Postoperative Diagnoses: Same Procedure: Bilateral simple mastectomy Anesthesia: General Brief Operative History: The patient is a 68-year-old female who has been followed by our service for a number of years. She was diagnosed 10 years ago with a carcinoma in situ of the left breast. She underwent a wide excision and radiation therapy and has done well until a recent office visit revealed a palpable mass in the right breast. Core biopsy proven to be a carcinoma. MRI showed only the known tumor and we took her to surgery for a lumpectomy and a wide excision, re-excise the margins, and the final pathology came back positive margins and possibly 3 orientations. So, after a long discussion, she has elected to undergo bilateral simple, skin-sparing mastectomy to treat the bilateral problem. We are taking her to the operating room now. She has elected to not to undergo a reconstructive procedure at this time. Description of Procedure: The patient was taken to the operating room. General anesthesia was induced. Her arms and legs were padded appropriately. SCDs applied, lower body Bair Hugger placed, and her entire upper torso was sterilely prepped and draped in usual fashion. Beginning on the left breast, an elliptical incision incorporating the nipple-areolar complex and the prior excisional scar was performed. Flaps were raised superiorly to the clavicle, medially to the midline, inferiorly to the inframammary fold, and laterally out to the latissimus dorsi muscle. The breast was then removed from the pectoralis major muscle incorporating the fascia, reflected laterally and truncated, marked for orientation, sent to patient for permanent section. Irrigation was performed. Hemostasis extensively achieved where necessary using electrocautery. There was no evidence of bleeding at the end of the case. Two drains were brought in through separate incisions. These were 10mm channel drains secured in place with silk suture. Subcutaneous tissue closed with 2-0 undyed Vicryl suture. Skin closed with monofilament self-locking Quill type suture. We then went to the right breast and an elliptical incision incorporating the prior excisional biopsy scar in the nipple-areolar complex was performed. Again, flaps were raised superiorly to the clavicle, medically to the midline, inferiorly to the inframammary fold, and laterally out to the latissimus dorsi muscle. The breast was then removed from the pectoralis major muscle incorporating the fascia, reflected laterally and truncated. It was marked for orientation and taken to pathology where gross inspection demonstrated the cavity in the central aspect of the breast and the cavity was on the pectoralis major fascia. We took the fascia as the deep plane to the biopsy cavity. Irrigation was performed. Hemostasis was achieved where necessary using electrocautery. There was no evidence of bleeding at the end of the case. Two drains again were brought in through separate incisions. Again, 10 mm channel drains secured in place with silk suture. The subcutaneous tissue was closed with 2-0 undyed Vicryl suture. Skin closed with a monofilament Quill type suture. Benzoin, Steri-Strips and sterile dressings were applied and the patient was transferred to the recovery room in stable condition.  Principal diagnosis: [dx1]Secondary diagnoses: [dx2]Principal procedure: [proc1]Assign MS-DRG: [msdrg1]
Infection prevention for the portal of exit link in the chain of infection could include:
A client presents to the clinic reporting that they suddenly lost vision in their left eye.  The nurse's priority action would be:
Place the following in order of decreasing IE1.    Cs Mg Ar
5.  Which substance/s will potentially not pass through the normal blood brain barrier?
Are you aware that running your own business may require working 12-16 hours a day, six days a week, and maybe even Sundays and holidays?
1.1.3   A post-dated cheque that is issued, is recorded in the Cash Payment Journal on the date of issue.   (1)
Using the attached financial statements, determine the following measures for 2012, rounding to one decimal place, except for dollar amounts, which should be rounded to the nearest cent. Assume 365 days a year.  Dividend yield
The shape of the I.I. input screen helps control what XR property?
A molecule of RNA (ribonucleic acid) contains the bases _______.
Because they are compressed, you usually cannot use backup files in their backed up form.
Hunter: Intro to Library Resources Frank is a life-long learner, and wants to read summaries of articles in the primary literature each month. Which of the following is a secondary resource that is an abstracting service that provides monthly generalist and specialist newsletters?
Consider the following reaction at equilibrium.  What effect will increasing the volume of the reaction mixture have on the system?                                 2 H2S(g) + 3 O2(g)  =  2 H2O(g) + 2 SO2(g)
The following is a first order reaction with a rate constant k=
Identify and provide a brief description of the steps in the juvenile justice process.
Instacart is offering $10 off for new customers and free delivery on your first order. This is an example of:
How does alcohol lead to the behavioral problems associated with fetal alcohol syndrome?
INSTRUCTIONS     1.   Ensure that you answer all the questions.     2.   Questions 1 to 6 must be written on paper. Question 3.4 must be written on graph paper. Question 7 (multiple choice) is answered on the system. Once all questions have been answered, press 'submit'. You will then be taken to an upload section. You will have 30 minutes to scan and upload your test. Name your file NAME_AS_JUNE_EXAM.     3.   Calculators may be used.     4.   Only the specification data booklet may be used. There is a link to it below if you have not printed a copy.     5.   Any pictures related to questions can be accessed by pressing on the related button.     6.   It is in your own interest to read each question carefully before answering               Right-click on the button to open the data booklet in a new tab.
Which flexure of the colon is demonstrated best in the right posterior oblique position during a lower GI tract contrast media exam?
