Methyl bromide (CH3Br) will react with potassium hydroxide to give the corresponding alcohol methanol (CH3OH) and potassium bromide salt.  The kinetics for the reaction are known to be first order with respect to CH3Br.  Data for an initial rates kinetic experiment are below.  The density of the 20% by wt. solution of KOH (MW 56.1g/mol) is 1.185 g/mL.   What is the rate constant for the reaction?     CH3Br + KOH --> CH3OH + KBr     Trial   Vol 20% KOH (mL)   Vol final (mL)   initial [CH3Br] (M)   Initial Rate      A   0.5   10   0.0045   -3.12x10-4     B   1.0   10   0.0045   -5.94x10-4
In which order do the cerebral cortical layers develop?
public void doIt(int x, String y) {  //Other code here }  Select all of the valid overloads for the method shown above.
How might global warming exacerbate coastal hazards?
Which of the following is most commonly taught to prevent post -surgical respiratory complications?
The principle of "stare decisis"  gives stability to our system of jurisprudence.
Which of the following is NOT a worm phylum?
What type of connective tissue has large amounts of fluid called plasma between cells and transports nutrients, gases, and wastes?  This type of CT lacks fibers, which makes it unique.
A patient with low back pain is noted to have excessive lumbar lordosis when standing. When performing a Thomas test, the therapist notes that the patient's right posterior thigh doesn't reach the plinth, even when their knee is extended. Based upon the information presented, which stretch would be BEST to correct the patient's excessive lordosis?
Neur/o means nerve or nerve cells. The word for tumor of the nerve cell is
Instructions: The following questions refer to the counterexample method.  Argument 15All squares are rectangles. All squares are parallelograms. It follows that all rectangles are     parallelograms. Reference: Argument 15 Which one of the following correctly expresses the form of the argument? (Let S = squares, R = rectangles, and P = parallelograms.
Which intervention would be the nurse's priority when treating a client currently experiencing chest pain while walking?
How were the rings of Uranus discovered?
The product of the p53 gene ________.
Tom just opened up a new family-oriented restaurant in the Hampton Roads area. Given his limited budget, he would like to leverage social media to get the words out about his restaurant. (1) What social media tools would you recommend him to use? Please justify your suggestions. (2) Provide some ideas about how you would use the particular tools that you recommend. Please be as detailed in your answers as possible.
The printmaking process where you cut away the areas you do not want in the image, and print from the raised area is called?
MATCHING: Match the following individuals to the appropriate scientific contribution and/or description provided. (Hint: Each answer choice is only used once.)
This type of feedback exaggerates the effects of variations from normal.
A university if considering two strategies to improve the number of students who registered before the deadline. one strategy was to include discounts for early registration, the other was to introduce a penalty fee for late registration. Which of these strategies is more likely to work?
How many cations are there in 30.0 g of sodium phosphate?
