Most credit cards compound interest on a ___________ basis
The name for the compound FeF2 is ___.
One of the weaknesses of the U.S. government under the Articles of Confederation is that the government had no authority to:
identify the depression
Three benefits of belonging to a professional organization are communication, opportunity for service, and development of professional contacts.
Uracil in RNA replaces the ____ base of DNA:
ID tissue, be specific
(Q001) In Texas, the majority of state legislators and all members of the executive branch are members of the Republican Party. However, in recent years, the conservative Tea Party movement has played an increasingly important and often divisive role in the Republican Party in the state. Now that the Tea Party has successfully garnered a large share of state and local offices, what does this mean for the Republican Party as a whole moving forward? Is this a sign of internal party dysfunction or minor debates within the major governing coalition?The Tea Party faction within the Republican Party has pushed conservative policies and antitax sentiment. These more conservative Republicans in the legislature have challenged moderate Republicans, arguing that they were insufficiently conservative and unwilling to push these major reforms. They have also focused more heavily on social issues than in the past. For example, the more conservative wing of the Republican Party, led by Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, were strong advocates of the bathroom bill, which would have prevented transgendered Texans from using restrooms of their choosing. Additionally, they were strongly in favor of SB 4, the ban on sanctuary cities within the state. Speaker Joe Straus, the leader of mainstream Republicans at the state level, made no secret of his distaste for these two bills. The final result of these two major bills indicate a mixed record for the more conservative wing of the party. SB 4 passed and was signed by Governor Abbott, but the bathroom bill failed in the special session largely due to opposition from the state's business community.Do these clear internal divisions within the Republican Party mean that there will be more opportunities for Democrats to gain power? There is no question that the path to victory in the state for Democrats is to mobilize and turn out Latino voters--who are not registered at the same rates as their Anglo counterparts and do not turn out to vote at the same rates. Democrats made a strong effort to oppose SB 4 and characterized the law as racially discriminatory against the state's large Latino population. State legislators such as Ana Hernandez of Houston and Rafael Anchia of Dallas have been outspoken about how SB 4 targets Latinos. Will legislation such as SB 4 mobilize Latinos to punish Republicans? This remains to be seen, as some commentators point to Donald Trump's election as evidence that Latinos did not realize their potential power in the 2016 election to stop his candidacy (which was driven in part by anti-immigrant rhetoric and policy proposals). On the other hand, will Republicans weather this internal storm and adapt their policies to conform to the business community? Results of recent elections indicate that Republicans united after divisive primaries to elect Tea Party-backed candidates. For example, Senator Ted Cruz and Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick did not have difficulty winning their respective elections after defeating the more moderate David Dewhurst. An alternative explanation is that they benefited not so much from Republican unity as they did from weak Democratic candidates. Donald Trump, who represents the more conservative wing of the party, carried Texas in 2016, but by only nine percentage points, compared to Romney's 16-point victory over Obama in 2012.How would you advise the Democratic Party to take advantage of Republican divisions and win more elections? Would you focus on recruiting stronger candidates or increasing turnout? Why?
What is a process that builds--layer by layer in an additive process--a three-dimensional solid object from a digital model?
France became the first country in Europe to develop architectural schools.
If protein is restricted for a patient with chronic kidney disease, what other dietary intervention is necessary?
Self-concept and the belief in yourself has more to do with reaching your full potential than anything else, including these two factors (which people often use as excuses for not reaching their full potential) (only one correct answer).
Question from "A Very Old Man with Enormous Wings" What causes the crowd around the old man to disperse?
You short sell 5,000 shares of stock on margin at $100. The initial margin is 65% and the maintenance margin is 30%. Later the price of the stocks held short falls to $80. (a) Calculate the new account margin in %? (b) Calculate the margin call price. Show all work.
How often is cellular respiration occurring?
Match the forms of diagnosis to the description.
"Sine Die" indicates
5. The nurse is reinforcing instruction to a community audience about personality disorders. The nurse knows that the teaching was effective when a member of the audience makes which statement?
The nontranscribed region of DNA to which RNA polymerase binds to initiate transcription is called the ________.
The diffusion of calcium ions into a smooth muscle cell does not depolarize the membrane so no action potential occurs.
