The following text is related to questions based Hands-on Testing Workshop, taught in class.  The below text is applicable to Questions 12,13,14,15, and 16 Below questions are meant to mimic the Hands-on Testing Workshop and the same ideas, tools (since you don't have the tools, you have to imagine that you have them) and style of state diagram should be used. The model(s) must follow the same conventions we used in the workshop.  Use yed live (see link below) to draw the model. Download the graphml file and upload it as the answer to the applicable questions.  https://www.yworks.com/yed-live/ Assume you are given a simple web-based system, which is the system under test (SUT). You are also given a model generation (MG) tool as well as a test case generation (TG) tool. See comment above about how these tools work.   The SUT can perform the following 6 actions:      Description Name   Create customer account (account for short)  CreateAccount   Delete account  DelAccount   Add a very cheap product to the basket  AddCheap   Add a very expensive product to the basket  AddExpensive    Remove a very cheap product from the basket   RemCheap    Remove a very expensive product from the basket   RemExpensive    Note: This is a simplified web system so if there are two very expensive products in the basket the action "remove a very expensive product" will randomly pick one very expensive product and remove it. Thus, you don't need to keep track of individual products in the basket. The SUT can perform the following 7 checks:    Description Name   Assert that an  account exists and that the basket is empty AssertAccountBasketIsEmpty   Assert that no  account exists  AssertNoAccount    Assert that there is one very expensive product and nothing else in the basket   AssertOneExpensive    Assert that there is one very cheap product and nothing else in the basket   AssertOneCheap   Assert that there are two very cheap products and nothing else in the basket  AssertTwoCheap    Assert that there are two very expensive products and nothing else in the basket   AssertTwoExpensive    Assert that there is one very expensive product in the basket and one very cheap product in the basket   AssertCheapExpensive    Note: The following example "Assert that there is one very expensive product in the basket" means that the assert will check that only one product is in the basket AND that the product is very expensive. Thus, the assert will fail if there is no product, or if there is one product but it is a very cheap one, or if there are two products in the basket. The SUT and testing of the SUT has the following rules.  No account exists when the first test case starts running At most one account can exist at any time. An account can only have at most two products at any time A product can be added to the basket only if an account exists An account can only be deleted if the basket is empty Each test case must set up (create) and tear down (delete and remove) all necessary structures (account and products) Testing should not violate the rules, e.g. testing should not try to remove a product that's not in the basket or delete an account that doesn't exist etc.  Your general task is to test that  The SUT works for very cheap products as well as for very expensive products and combinations of cheap and expensive products The SUT's behavior should be the same independently of the order of adding to and removing from the basket,  If the SUT doesn't work, your test case should fail near the place where the problem is using an action followed by an assert. Sample steps of an incomplete test case:  Create account  Add a very expensive product to the basket   Assert that a very expensive product is in the basket   However, use the following format (by copying and pasting from tables above):  CreateAccount AddExpensive AssertOneExpensive
Which of deposit-related product prevents overdrafts?
____ text has a slanted appearance.
True or False:  Severely malnourished horses should be fed a high calorie concentrate feed right away to facilitate more rapid weight gain and recovery.
The nurse is caring for a patient following a thyroidectomy. Which postoperative assessment is most important to detect thyrotoxic crisis?
In South Asia, what is least likely to account for DALYs among men or women aged 15-69?
This question concerns the reading passage "La medicina curativa en mi cultura ecuatoriana."?Cual es el remedio curativo que la autora del ensayo sigue para su asma?
What might cause a false gram positive result? (it looks gram positive but is really gram negative)
What is the Henderson-Hasselbach equation?  (10.1)
In the first 10 weeks of a resistance training program, the gains in strength are due primarily to
The reflex center for movements of the eyeballs and head in response to visual and other stimuli is (are) the:
Identify the labelled "B".
Which of the following is not a way to stabilize the coastline from constant changes, also know as hard stabilization.
Normal amniotic fluid volume cannot exclude renal agenesis before _____ weeks' gestation.
When the Fed buys bonds from financial institutions, new money moves directly
True or False: Auditing includes the use of an Ohm-Reader to locate "charged" memories.
Which cell part produces energy for the cell?
26. Identify this specific cervical vertebra by name not a number please
Which response includes all the molecules below that do not follow the octet rule? (1) H2S   (2) BCl3   (3) PH3   (4) SF4
Rate busting refers to:
