________ an argument is necessary before any rational analysis of an argument can be made.
Organisms that require gaseous oxygen for metabolism are referred to as _________.
QUESTION 4 - 10 Points This question is based on the same facts as Question 3.  As part of the sale of her accounting practice, Francis met with her broker to put together a "deal book" that would be presented to potential buyers to show the value of Francis's accounting practice.  Francis presented this deal book to Ed as part of the negotiations over the sale of the business to Ed.  The deal book included 2020 year-end financial reports for Francis's accounting practice.  Ed was very impressed with the company's cash flow. Based on his review of the deal book and after completing additional extensive due diligence, Ed offered to buy Francis's accounting practice for $1.5 million dollars. Ed based his offer price, in large part, on the cash flow generated by the business. Francis agreed to proceed with the sale to Ed subject to execution of a final purchase agreement (the contract that is entered into between a buyer and seller of a business).  While Francis' attorneys were drafting a purchase agreement, Francis' broker presented her with revised 2020 year-end financial reports. The revised financial reports included a revised income statement that identified a significant adjustment to the company's expenses which had a substantial downward adjustment to the company's cash flow. Immediately, upon receipt Francis reviewed these revised financial reports and she observed the adjustment to cash flow. Francis did not share the revised financials with anyone. Following receipt of the revised year-end financial reports from her broker, Francis proceeded to close on the sale transaction with Ed. Ed did, in fact, pay $1.5 million for Francis' accounting practice.  After completing his purchase of the company, Ed contacted the broker Francis had used to prepare the deal book to obtain additional financial information, and at that time was provided with the revised 2020 year-end financial reports. Ed was surprised to learn of the significant adjustments to cash flow identified in those financials. Based on the information in the revised year-end financial reports Ed has determined that he should have paid no more than $1 million for the company, and has demanded that Francis agree to rescind the transaction. Francis has refused and Ed has sued Francis for fraud based on the fact that cash flow was overstated in the deal book. REQUIRED (10 Points): Will Ed prevail? In separately lettered or numbered paragraphs, discuss each of the elements of Ed's misrepresentation lawsuit. FOR PURPOSES OF THIS QUESTION, IGNORE THE POSSIBLE APPLICATION OF THE ECONOMIC LOSS DOCTRINE AND IGNORE ANY CLAIM FOR NONFRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.
Boolean Expressions Decision-making on computers are based on statements called boolean expressions.  This can be particularly useful when used to compare the properties of two sprites. For example, you could figure out which one is larger or placed higher up. In the next few puzzles we'll use simple boolean expressions to compare sprite properties. Predict Read the code below. There are some new symbols in it which you haven't been introduced to. Take a guess at what they mean and try to answer the following question.  var sprite1 = createSprite(100, 200);var sprite2 = createSprite(300, 200); // Predict what each command will printconsole.log(sprite1.y == sprite2.y);console.log(sprite1.x > sprite2.x);console.log(sprite1.x < sprite2.y); drawSprites();     Which result will be printed in the console by this program?   a.  true, false, true   b. 0 , 200, 100   c. true, error, true   d. false, true, false
What is the cell type responsible for stimulating touch receptors?
Courts have upheld grooming codes that required, among other things, male supermarket clerks to wear ties and female employees to not wear pants.
According to the scientific method, a hypothesis that is proposed to explain a particular physical phenomenon is considered to be wrong if
Provide an appropriate response.Which measure of central tendency is more representative of the typical observation if the graph of the data is skewed to the right?
All of the following are examples of "identifying" questions EXCEPT:
Regs kliek op die knoppie hieronder om Figuur D oop te maak in 'n nuwe "TAB". Figuur D          1.2.4   Kortliks bespreek die gebruik van die Elemente en Beginsels van kuns in Figuur D.    (2)
Identify the null hypothesis H0 and the alternative hypothesis HA. Use m for a claim about a mean and p for a claim about a proportion.A psychologist claims that no more than 7.9 percent of the population suffers from professional problems due to extreme shyness. Use p, the true percentage of the population that suffers from extreme shyness.
You are given the following prices for zero coupon bonds with $1,000 face amount:       One-year bond   $940     Two-year bond   $900     Three year bond   $850         Find the price today for a three-year 4% coupon bond with $1,000 face amount.
Effective communication between the surgeon and radiographer in the surgical suite will:
Are the electrons in the following redox reactions transferred completely form the atoms of one element to the atoms of another or are they only partially transferred? Answer partial or complete.   2K + F2 --> 2KF [blu5] 2H2 + O2 --> 2H2O [blu6] Ca + Cl2 --> CaCl2 [blu7]   4 Cu + O2 --> 2Cu2O [blu8]
Who would be responsible for testing that the complementary user entity controls stated in a SOC 1, Type 2 report are designed and operating effectively?
The ____ was the first group to develop pollen tubes
The circled cavity is occupied by the:
Differential association theory states that the proposition that people have a greater tendency to deviate from societal norms when they frequently associate with persons who are more favorable toward deviance than conformity.
What is Prepositional Singular of ego mat'?
The pivot generated concerns that Asian countries may
