Gary Marks is paid on a monthly basis. For the month of January of the current year, he earned a total of $8,288. FICA tax for Social Security is 6.2% on the first $118,500 of earnings each calendar year and the FICA tax for Medicare is 1.45% of all earnings. The FUTA tax rate is 0.6%, and the SUTA tax rate is 5.4%. Both unemployment taxes are applied to the first $7,000 of an employee's pay. The amount of Federal Income Tax withheld from his earnings was $1,375.17. What is the amount of the employer's payroll taxes expenses for this employee? (Round your intermediate calculations to two decimal places.)
The following scatterplots display the gross ticket sales vs. attendance for a sample of Broadway shows. The first graph displays these data for musicals, the second graph for plays.         QUESTION: Did musicals or plays have higher gross ticket sales?
Most malware has an unpleasant payload.  Which of the following payload types would be most helpful for an attacker who wants to gather usernames and passwords for peoples' bank accounts?
After using a laptop computer for about 50 minutes you notice that the laptop is getting hot.  Explain why this occurs.
a. Identify the "caves" within this tissue.  (1 point) b. What cells live within these "caves"?  (1 point) c. Name another tissue that contains "caves"? (1 point) d.  Why do the cells of this tissue live within caves and not directly within the matrix?  Answer in sentences. (1 point)
Identify each scenario as an example of positive feedback or negative feedback [neg1] blood calcium levels increase triggering events that decrease them back to a normal range [pos1] During labor, uterine contractions stimulate hormones that cause contractions to become stronger [pos2] scratching an itchy skin rash, which makes the rash spread and itch even more [pos3] During sexual intercourse, stimulation leads to an increase in arousal and sexual behavior. This in turn leads to increased stimulation, until climax is reached and orgasm takes place [neg2] Heart rate is decreased in response to elevated blood pressure
Independent expenditure committees that are legally permitted to raise and spend unlimited funds from individuals, corporations, unions, or other groups to advocate on behalf of their causes, but are not permitted to give to candidates directly, are
Investigators should gather all the natural and commercial objects within a reasonable distance so the scientist can uncover significant clues from them.
What is the current source of the majority of the money used by the Superfund Act?
Red-feathered and blue-feathered birds occupy the same environment. The birds with the red feathers are better able to survive and avoid predators. This means that the population of red-feathered birds will increase in future generations. This illustrates the process of
Which of the following is a complementary base pair? a. AT b. AG c. TG d. TC
The type of test which compares the client's/student's performance to an expected level of performance is called ___________. (ONE OR TWO WORDS)
Which of the following are important characteristics of medical transcriptionist's role?
Stock warrants outstanding should be classified as
Emily and Bree have adjacent workstations in their open office. Bree's computer is currently plugged into a power strip that happens to be plugged into Emily's power strip instead of the wall (note: When one power strip/ power cord is plugged into another one, this is called 'daisy chaining). They are concern that the daisy-chained power strips create an unsafe work environment, but their boss was resistant in having the problem corrected. Please help Emily and Bree by noting which US Department of Labor Law that they should reference when they follow up with their boss.
.What is the momentum of a 0.018 kg sparrow flying with a speed of 15.0 m/s?
The main goal of "hidden curriculum" is to...
What instrument listed below would be the best choice for temporary cement removal?
What describes how and why campaign components will achieve objectives?
According to the Lecture 2.2.2 Energy Resources and Consumption, which country leads when it comes to the nuclear electricity generation in 2018?
