A block is launched up an inclined plane. After going up the plane, it slides back down to its starting position. The coefficient of friction between the block and the plane is 0.35. When the block reaches its starting position on the way back down, what can be said about its speed?
By signing this agreement, I am acknowledging my personal responsibility for maintaining the integrity of the examination process.  I will keep all personal items, such as cell phones, ipods or other devices turned off and securely stored during all testing procedures. I will not leave the classroom during the exam without instructor approval. Restroom breaks should be taken before or after taking the exam. I will not attempt to access the internet, use a telephone or otherwise communicate with outside resources during the exam. I will maintain the integrity of the exam process by refraining from discussing exam items with anyone other than my professor until exam grades are posted. I will follow-up with my professor(s) after the exam, if I have questions or concerns about my exam performance.  I understand that cheating is a violation of the university's code of conduct. I also understand that my exam will not be graded until I sign this agreement.
PART II: Compose a 500 word essay in which you respond to one of the following prompts (60 points). Each essay must contain the following items:  At least two quotations from either "Black Men in Public Space" or "I Want a Wife." MLA format for in-text citations: (Staples) or (Brady). You do not need to include a Works Cited page or page numbers.  Essay prompt choices:  Discuss the causes or the effects of stereotyping. Please choose one specific stereotype. Compare or contrast the expectations of the wife in "I Want a Wife" to the expectations of a 21st century wife.  Additional guidelines:  Be sure to include an introduction, at least 2 body paragraphs, and a conclusion. Type this essay in the text box. Include the MLA heading at the top.
What reaction BEST describes the following reaction? (Note what is in red)
A newly discovered element has an atomic number of 16 and an atomic mass of 33.  How many neutrons are in each atom of this element?
Answer the following questions using a direct object pronoun to replace the underlined term(s).    Modele: As-tu vu Beatrice aujourd'hui? Non, je ne l'ai pas vue. Parles-tu chinois?
Compared to oxidative skeletal muscle fibers, those classified as glycolytic (or fast anaerobic) typically have___
The nurse is caring for a client with a transverse colostomy. Which of the following should the nurse teach the client? Select all that apply
Capsules of pathogenic enteric bacteria are virulence factors because they:
When the broad beam is aimed straight at the limbus, it produces an internal light reflection within the cornea and encircling the cornea called:
What is the technique used to remove superimposed structures to improve the visibility of anatomic structures?
A speech that is read word-for-word from a prepared text.
A moral hazard problem is one of the reasons the Fed regulates banks. One reason banks face this moral hazard issue is because __________ protects them from the risk of making bad loans.
In the forward typing, what part of the patient's specimen is used?
As an object gets hotter, what would we see happen to its spectrum? Check all that apply.
WHat does AAMA stand for
Conflict occurs in
Sio Inc. has 500 lbs of by-product that can be sold as is for $5 per lb. They can process it for an additional $300 in processing costs and sell it for $6 per lb.  What is the effect of processing further?
Which of the following sets of exposure factors would result in the lowest dose to the patient?
A(n) _____ join will select only the rows with matching values in the common attribute(s).
