14 points Translate the problem into mathematical language.  You don't need to solve the problem.Smith decides to feed his dog a combination of two dog foods. Each can of brand A contains 2 units of protein, 1 unit of carbohydrates, and 4 units of fat and costs 80 cents.  Each can of brand B contains 2 unit of protein, 2 unit of carbohydrates, and 3 units of fat and costs 60 cents.  Mr. Smith feels that each day his dog should have at least 7 units of protein, 5 units of carbohydrates, and 20 units of fat. How many cans of each dog food should he give his dog each day to provide the minimum requirements at the least cost? a. (12 points) Fill out the following chart.     Can A Can B Requirement per Day Inequality   Variable       Protein       Carbohydrates       Fat       Cost        b. (2 points) Find the Objective Function
What city is at point A?
The "Circle of Love" concept used at Kimberly-Clark for implementing 'lean' concepts includes four major elements.  Which of the following is not one of those four?
15 sq in = _____sq cm
Describe Fundamental Analysis. What is one advantage and one disadvantage of Fundamental Analysis?
Any chemical substance used in medical practice is known as a/an:
The franchise fee represents (on average) ______ of what the franchisee will pay the franchisor in the future.
In class we talked about patient SM who showed abnormal fear responses due to damage of what brain area. (2pts).
A generalization about a group of people based on limited or even faulty evidence is known as what?
A patient diagnosed with scabies asks the nurse how he "caught" this disorder. What information should be provided to this patient?
Which cell feature is not found in bacteria cells?
ACME COMPANY NARRATIVE 1.  You are a new Field Salesperson for ACME Safe Company and you are replacing Wilbur Haag who was promoted to a National Account Manager position. 2.  You've been assigned an existing sales territory with Wholesale Distributor customers who sell safes to other businesses. 3.  This is your first trip around your territory visiting with your customers and prospective customers. 4.  ACME has the #1 market share (~36% nationally but varies from market to market) of the small, less expensive (and lower margin: ~20% nationally) business safes. 5.  ACME has a strong #2 market share (~25% nationally but varies from market to market) of the larger, more expensive (and higher margin: ~55% nationally) business safes. 6.  ACME has recently introduced an expanded line of large, high margin safes with intention of growing this category's market share. 7.  Additionally, a functional pricing discount program for ACME's large, high margin safes has been recently introduced for those ACME distributors that carry both the small & large safes AND agree not to sell/stock competitive safe brands. This often results in customer gross margins for small and large safes to exceed 22% and 38%, respectively. 8.  This new pricing program includes discounts for quantity buys, minimum stock-on-hand, and annual sales mix of high margin products. ACCOUNT SITUATION:                                                 1.  You are meeting for the first time with ACME's Birmingham wholesale distributor, Warehouse Equipment & Supply Company (WESCo) that buys and re-sells ACME small safes to businesses. 2.  WESCo has been a highly profitable ACME customer for 5 years. 3.  You are meeting with the WESCo's Manager, Arne Anderson who has been with WESCo for 6 years and has a reputation for liking the ACME brand and products and works well with our sales organization. 4.  ACME has one other distributor in the Birmingham market, Birmingham Office Products, but does not stock our small or large safes and occasionally buys our small safes as needed for their customers. 5.  ACME data indicates that the market for small, low cost safes has seen modest growth since 2017 of 8.6%. 6.  ACME customer data indicates that WESCo's purchases ($) of ACME small, low cost safes has seen a decline since 2017 of 5.2%. 7.  Although Arne is a fan of ACME products, WESCo has bought and stocked LOCKRIGHT) large safes driven primarily by ACME's lack of a complete line of large safes for WESCo's customers. DATA GATHERED FROM CUSTOMER VISIT: Arne's not sure if it's competitor pressures, but does know his price from ACME has gone up each year that he's been a customer.  Wilbur told Arne that WECSo's current small safe GM% of 14% in the Birmingham market was very reasonable for an ACME account with a strong small safe market share. He does acknowledge that his LOCKRIGHT sales rep stops by often to manage his inventory including making purchase recommendations to keep the right product in stock.   He also noted that he has a strong large safe market share of 23%, and achieves a 21% gross margin on these large safe sales. Q1:  Select the "BEST 5" OBSERVATIONS from the data tables & any numerical data from the narratives. (15pts)   Best OBSERVATIONS...are those that have the most significant positive or negative impact on maximizing WESCo's sales of ACME products! A)  The Birmingham large safe market has grown 16.4% since 2017.   B)  ACME small safe national market share is 36% compared to WESCo's market share of 31.8% a drop from 34.8% in 2017.  C)  Approximately 70% of the Birmingham safe sales to businesses are from the sale of large safes.  D)  WESCo's small safe purchases ($s) are down 5.2% since 2017... verses the Birmingham market that is up 8.6% during that same period.    E)  WESCo's large safe market share is currently 23%... very similar to ACME's 24% large safe national market share.  F)  WESCo's earning a 14% GM on their ACME branded small safes... while ACME's "single source" accounts often exceed 22%.   G) ACME earns an average 55% GM on it's sales of large safes, and 20% GM on their sale of small safes. H) ACME's GM% for the WESCo account (29.5%) has increased each of the last 3 years and significantly exceeds ACME's national average of 20%.    I) WESCo's small safe market share has declined each year since 2017.    J)  WESCo's earning 21% GM on their LOCKRIGHT large safe sales... compared to ACME "single source" customers @38%+ GM.
Business-related reasons for selling may include all of the following except
What is the approximate amount of ATP produced when a glucose molecule is completely broken down in aerobic cellular respiration?
Which of the following statements best describes a significant aspect of the Coal Strike of 1902?
Market lag policies are generally set to which quartile in the salary survey.
Type out your name under the Honor Pledge displayed below, affirming that you adhered to its requirements while taking this Test.  Your name beneath the Pledge stands for your signature and your adherence to the Pledge during this Test.      HONOR PLEDGE "On my honor I pledge that, in completing this Performance Test 3, I have not given, solicited, accessed, nor received assistance from any third party or electronic source, nor am I aware of any classmate having done so."
Using the trial balance above, please compute the Gross Margin Ratio (two decimal places):   (Hint: use Net Sales in your ratio)
The essence of the Industrial Revolution involved
Find the zeros of the polynomial function. Find the zeros of the polynomial function. f(x) = x3 - 5x2 - 9x + 45
