The ________ model of prison culture suggests that inmates bring values, roles, and behavioral patterns from the outside world
Quality attributes are: (check all that apply)
Which muscle elevates the testes?
The Bruce Effect is:
What are the roles of the A and B subunits of bacterial toxins?
What is the energy of a photon beam, in meV, if the wavelength is 0.22 mm. h = 4.15 x 10-15 eV.s
Find f"(x) for the function.f(x) = 8x4 - 6x2 + 5
Histamine is a vasodilator.
29) Which of the following is the correct sequence of blood flow in birds and mammals?
___ is based on the idea that people develop psychological problems when they are burdened by limits and expectations placed on them by themselves and others.
A bi-weekly mortgage is the same as a fixed payment monthly mortgage.
Simplify.-2
Select the appropriate directional term to complete this sentence: The mouth is ________ to the nose.
What is a light, continuous, stroking movement applied with the fingers or palms?
If a country is a net creditor in a specific point in time it is because it had a current account surplus at that point.
What do the Jewish Shema and the Islamic Shahada have in common?
How many amendments does the Constitution have?
According to _______________ critical rationality consists of the unflinching examination of our most cherished and comforting assumptions.
Consider a currency. The higher the spread between the outright buy and sell:
Ilaria Marciano, the founder and sole owner of Gelato Bello, an ice cream business, is an old friend and client of yours.  She has approached you for advice on the following matters: Answer the questions completely, using the law, rates and allowances applicable for the 2020/21 tax year.  If you believe you do not have sufficient information to answer a question, explain what further information you require. 2) Although Gelato Bello is quite successful, after 10 years in the business Ms Marciano is getting bored of ice cream.  She is thinking of selling Gelato Bello and starting a new venture.  She has told you that she is considering two options.  The first is to sell Gelato Bello to another ice cream business.  However, she is unhappy with the possibility that a new owner might fold the business into its existing brand.  The second option is to sell the business to her niece Giuseppina Marciano.  Her niece, of whom she is very fond, has been working at Gelato Bello for more than five years, is passionate about artisanal ice cream and has plans to expand the business in Dorset and Hampshire. Based on conversations with her accountants and some very initial discussions with potential purchasers, she believes she would be able to get PS750,000 for Gelato Bello if it were sold to a third party.  The accountants have assessed the value of the business as PS500,000 for the office, factory and shops, PS225,000 for goodwill and PS25,000 for company vehicles.  The various premises were acquired for a total of PS300,000 and the vehicles for PS50,000. Alternatively, Ms Marciano would be willing to sell the business to her niece for PS600,000.  As part of the sale, she would lend Giuseppina PS200,000 for five years, interest-free. Either sale would take place during the 2020/21 tax year.   a) Describe and calculate the tax consequences to Ms Marciano of a sale of Gelato Bello to a third party for PS750,000.  In 2020/21, Gelato Bello generated PS50,000 in trading profits.  Assume that Ms Marciano's only other income for the year is PS3,000 in interest on various accounts.  Discuss all relevant reliefs. (20 marks) b) Describe and calculate the tax consequences to both Ms Marciano and her niece of a sale of Gelato Bello to Giuseppina on the terms described above.  Assume that Ms Marciano's income is as stated in (a) above and that Giuseppina's only income for the year is the PS18,000 she is paid for working at Gelato Bello and PS5,000 in dividends she receives as the beneficiary of a family trust fund.  Discuss all relevant reliefs. (30 marks) c) Strictly from a tax point of view, which of the above options is preferable for Ms Marciano? (10 marks)
