An relationship that is NOT obligate and both organisms benefit is called
A meteorite is generally dense.
How does today's violent crime rate compare to the violent crime rate in 1991?
What is the name of the highlighted (yellow) structures?
Energy captured from light for photosynthesis is brought into the C3 cycle via
Multiple Choice Question. Choose the correct answer below. Find all vertical asymptote(s) of the function
A belief of how others view you is called:
Chemical substances produced in the body that act as natural pain relievers are:
Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.     His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together.   The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions.   For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse.   The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle.    Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life.   What is Myasthenia gravis?
If stereocilia move towards the kinocilium in the utricle and saccule, what type of response will be elicited?
The "Big Four" at the Paris Peace Conference included representatives from all of the nations except
The axes on a perceptual map are
Damage to the hair cells in the cochlea
Tasks that require you to compare, contrast, or evaluate are using the ________ intelligence component of the triarchic theory of intelligence.
The second sentence has a mistake in it.  Rewrite the sentence so that it is correct. Roberto asiste a una universidad. Ello es muy inteligente. If a symbol or accented letter is needed copy and paste into your submission:     a      e      i      o      u      n A      E      I      O      U     ?    !
The consumption of offerings that evoke romantic feelings and thoughts on a frequent basis refers to
All events occur during some stage of interphase except:
The part of the self-concept that involves evaluations of self-worth is our
Ovarian cancer is the most deadly of all female cancers because: I.  Few early or many general symptoms that may mask ovarian cancer. II. Can be widely disseminated by the time it is diagnosed. III. Usually found in one or both ovaries. IV. Tumors are always over 4 cm
Type in the empirical formula for the following compound. You do not have to subscript the numbers. No spaces. (NH4)2Cr2O6
