Device Family: MAX 10 (DA/DF/DC/SA/SC)Device: 10M02SCU169C8G Design, construct, and demonstrate the circuits that meets the following specifications. Use the switches, LEDs, and resistors needed to create the necessary inputs and outputs for your demonstration.  Use only your PLD, i.e., no 74'xxx chips.  Inputs: Start(L), Hold(H), CLK Outputs: Active-high count values and Special(L) DAD: NOT allowed  Description: Design a state machine (counter) to count through the following sequence 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, ... .  If Hold(H) is true, the counting should pause; if hold is false, the counting should continue. Special(L) should be true only if the count is 1 and Hold is true. Start(L), must asynchronously force the counter to the count value of 1.  Design a next state truth for the described state machine. Use any of the standard flip-flops. Design a voltage table for the described state machine. Design the entire circuit in Quartus. Simulate the design in Quartus. Program the PLD (using the pof, not sof). Then remove power by disconnecting the two devices from your USB ports. Design the necessary switch and LED circuits on your breadboard.  Make a legend indicating the true positions of the switch(es), as you did in lab. Make a legend for the LEDs to indicate which LEDs correspond to which signals, as you did in lab.   Connect the necessary switch and LED circuits to the PLD. Restore the PLD's USB cable to your computer to power your circuits. Verify to yourself that your circuit is functioning properly. Archive this Quartus project and submit it as part of this practical, as described below. Use CamScanner (or equivalent), as described below, to make a pdf file to submit as part of this practical.  Demonstration  You will show your Quartus simulation to match the appropriate table. You will demonstrate the proper functioning of your circuit.  You will have only ONE chance to demo your work.  If you think you are ready, read the question again to be sure that you completed ALL parts of this practical. Do not ask us for any feedback on your design until it is complete and ready to be graded. Be prepared to run your design, as instructed, by Dr. Schwartz or a PI. Also, be prepared to show your design and simulation (in Quartus). Use Zoom's chat to tell your PI that you are ready by sending READY. Again, you will NOT be told anything about how you did, but grades will be posted ASAP.  You MUST complete the two file uploads (see below) before the end of your practical. If you have not already done so, when there is five minutes remaining in your practical, you should stop working and start this process. You must archive your Quartus design and upload it (in the next problem). In the last problem, you must upload a single pdf file (use CamScanner or equivalent) containing a clear picture of your breadboard that shows your circuit (as well as switch and LED legends) and also contains clear pictures of your scratch paper, showing truth and voltage tables, if any. Failure to upload these files before the end of the Practical will result in a grade of zero.
Questions 28 and 29 go together: Eddie Galt Inc. owns the AR Shopping Center. Galt is getting ready to close with Midas Bank on a $500,000,000 refinance of the Center (to lower the interest rate by 127 BP). As part of the collateralization package for the loan, Galt must secure its investment accounts with Toohey Securities. These accounts will be secured by: (Select one answer only.)
In The Crossover, Josh's nickname is:
_____ typically occur within the competitive, customer, economic, political/legal, technological, and/or sociocultural environments of the firm.
Which of the following are specific questions when taking a pediatric history on an infant?
RNA contains the base _____ instead of _____, which is only found in DNA.
Which of the following describes a stakeholder?
How may a pilot satisfy the recent flight experience requirement necessary to act as pilot in command in IMC in powered aircraft? Within the previous 6 calendar months, logged
List at least one thing you have learned in the class so far that was not what you were expecting? What suggestions do you have for the class moving forward (the semester or even the next time it is offered)?
The Games Approach:
Based on anatomical position and terminology, the left lung is ________ to the heart.
A college entrance exam company determined that a score of 21 on the mathematics portion of the exam suggests that a student is ready for  college-level mathematics. To achieve this  goal, the company recommends that students take a core curriculum of math courses in high school. Suppose a random sample of 200 students who completed this core set of courses results in a mean math score of 21.4 on the college entrance exam with a standard deviation of 4.2. Using a 0.05 level of significance, do these results suggest that students who complete the core curriculum are ready for  college-level mathematics? That  is, are they scoring above 21 on the math portion of the  exam?   List the hypotheses, the critical value(s), the test value (test statistic) and briefly (1-2 sentences) explain why the results do or do not suggest that students who complete the core curriculum are ready for college-level mathematics.
20. Factors contributing to unhealthy food and nutrition behaviors in teens include the following  EXCEPT:
An oil layer that is 5.0 cm thick is spread smoothly and evenly over the surface of water on a windless day. What is the angle of refraction in the water for a ray of light that has an angle of incidence of 45deg as it enters the oil from the air above? (The index of refraction for the oil is 1.15, and for water it is 1.33.)
This metabolite of protein degradation is eliminated by the kidneys at the rate of about 30gm per day:
Which one has a bigger momentum? A 5 kg cart moving at the speed of 0.25 m/s or a 0.008 kg bullet moving at the speed of 700 m/s? show your work.
In these three scenarios, which person is least likely to engage in criminal behavior according to Tittle's Control Balance Theory? Amy is an executive at a bank with over 200 employees working under her. She has the power to hire and fire as needed and approve mortgages and large escrow accounts. Marie is a stay at home partner of Rob who takes care of their 2 children. Rob in charge of the house finances and key decisions. Marie received a weekly allowance to take care of household expenses and meals. She does not have a car and does not socialize often with anyone outside of Rob and Rob's family. Ellie lives with her parents but attend SEU on her quest to obtain a liberal arts degree. She also works to pay tuition as well as contribute to the families living expenses.
Zipes, in "The Meaning of Fairy Tale within the Evolution of Culture," states that "fairies were profoundly important to these writers"  (p. 28). According to him, the fairies performed many functions within the tales on behalf of their writers. In a sentence or two, name one of these functions.
Ashley Madison is a Canadian company which has a website that allows users to meet other people who want to have extramarital relationships. Its motto is, "Life is short. Have an affair(r)". In July 2015, a group of hackers called "The Impact Team" released personal information about the site's 37 million users. There have been at least two reported suicides and numerous divorces in the wake of the release. What tort did the hackers commit by releasing the names of the users of the site to the public?
QUESTION 1       Bobster's landing on earth is indicated on the following map (in block A5). But he does not sit still for very long.        Please right-click on the blue block below to open Source A in a new tab
