Solve the problem by applying the Fundamental Counting Principle with two groups of items.A person can order a new car with a choice of 9 possible colors, with or without air conditioning, with or without heated seats, with or without anti-lock brakes, with or without power windows, and with or without a CD player. In how many different ways can a new car be ordered in terms of these options?
True or False: The best explanation for the decline in sex among young adults is that the easy availability of internet pornography has decreased the need for actual intercourse.
3.11   Gee die verkleining van die onderstreepte woorde: a)  Kan jy daardie klein gewig [ans1] optel? b)  Jy moet besluit of jy jou spiere [ans2] wil oefen.   (2)
A cappella refers to
Lancelot Manufacturing is a small textile manufacturer using machine-hours as the single indirect-cost rate to allocate manufacturing overhead costs to the various jobs cotracted during the year. The following estimates are provided for the coming year for the company and for the Case High School band jacket job.                     Company Case High School Job       Direct materials    $       55,000  $                               2,300       Direct labor    $       22,000  $                                   600       Manufacturing overhead costs    $       49,000         Machine-hours   70,000 mh 700 mh                     What amount of manufacturing overhead costs will be allocated to thisjob?                 A. $490             B. $330             C. $710             D. $1,260                           First, use the company estimates to get the manufacturing overhead rate:   Estimated manufacturing overhead           / Cost driver             Manufacturing overhead rate   #DIV/0!                       Next, find the amount of overhead allocate to the job:   Manufacturing overhead rate             x Job machine hours             Manufacturing overhead allocated  $                -
Which statement is correct when you do the MMN recordings?
The de Broglie wavelength of an electron with a velocity of 7.40 x 106 m/s is ________ m. The mass of the electron is 9.11 x 10-28 g.
Find the indicated probability.The probability that Luis will pass his statistics test is 0.58. Find the probability that he will fail his statistics test.
A Nurse is checking the reflexes of a newborn. Which of the following should the nurse do to elicit the startle reflex?
What does "there is no such thing as a free lunch" mean in economics?
Chlorine gas occupies a volume of 250mL at 300K. What volume will it occupy at 900K?   Answer only with the number (no units) and round to the first decimal
Identify the best definition of racism.
Solve the problem.Alex and Juana went on a 32-mile canoe trip with their class. On the first day they traveled 24 miles. What percent of the total distance did they canoe?
Find the equation of a line in standard form passing through (3,-4) perpendicular to the line 3x - y = 2.
Because they feel more pain, women who experience natural childbirth have less positive attitudes toward the childbirth experience than women who use other techniques.
The 1866 mid-term congressional elections:
All of the following are types of reasoning except:
A multiple regression model was fit to predict monthly sales from number of ads placed and the number of sales calls made. Below is a partially completed ANOVA table. What would be the value of Q  in the table? Round your answer to one decimal place.    Source DF Sum of Squares Mean Squares   Model ? [sumsquares]    Error   Q    Total [nminus] [squarestotal]
QUESTION 3         The diagram shows an element on the periodic table.    Right click on the button to open the picture of the element in a new window.         3.1   Give the name of the element.   (1)     3.2   How many protons do this element have?   (1)     3.3   How many nucleons do this element have?   (1)     3.4   Give the group number on the periodic table where you will find this element.   (1)     3.5   Give the name of the group on the periodic table where you will find this element.   (1)
Only DNA (not RNA) has 5' and 3' ends.
