Multiple Choice (34 Questions @ 3 points each):  Choose the best answer to each question below.
A client is being evaluated for iron-deficiency anemia. Which of these laboratory results would the healthcare provider expect? Please check the box next to the answer to select all that apply
The registered nurse scrubs with a long-acting, powerful antimicrobial sponge for before the surgical procedure. What is the required time frame for this surgical scrub?
A nurse is caring for a group of patients in an acute mental health facility. Which of the following patients has the legal right to refuse treatment?
What is the target tissue of the pineal gland?
The endosymbiotic theory has been developed to explain the emergence of:
Perinatal conditions, genetic or environmental conditions, developmental milestones and attention and behavior are all risk indicators for learning disabilities.  True or False?
A victim of intimate partner violence comes to the crisis center seeking help. The nurse uses crisis intervention strategies that focus on:
14. At what price level does equilibrium occur in Figure 8.4?
The nurse recognizes that which of the following clients is least at risk for perioperative complications?
Pertaining to therapy is:
The brand name for isocarboxazid  is:
SHORT ESSAY (400 Words or Less) In the space below describe the difference between a manager with a Theory X philosophy and one with  Theory Y philosophy. Explain how those differences can result into differing leadership styles and leadership behaviors.  Based on your understanding of Theory X/Theory Y which style do you believe is more effective. Clearly state your reasoning.  Grading HINT: In answering this question  you must relate the basics of Theory X and Theory Y theory to the leadership types and outcomes taken from the  behavioral leadership studies at The University of Iowa, Ohio State, the University of Michigan; and to the work of independent work Fred Fiedler (Contingency Theory).
A floodplain forms where a stream
You will note that you are able to see ALL questions of this exam (we decided to do this to help anyone with slower internet AND I think its less stressful for a higher-stakes exam). Take a quick look through the exam.  In the unlikely event that you cannot see one of the figures, close the exam (DO NOT SUBMIT) and send an email to both TAs (ilianna.anise@wisc.edu and jbkraus2@wisc.edu) and let them know which question is problematic.  They will get back to you quickly.
From a conservation perspective, why are artisanal fisheries important?
In a recent study, better cognitive inhibitory control was linked to
As a new employee of an office supply superstore, Kevin has been told he will receive structured training. What does this mean?
Which of the following methods of handling a call for service involving a less serious crime would not be implemented in response to the Kansas City study of response time?
Find the range of the quadratic function.f(x) = 4x2 + 2x - 4
