A VLOOKUP function cannot be used as the true part of an IF function.
Although there is projected to be a small surplus of nurses by 2030, some states will continue to see nursing shortages. Which of the following is the best explanation for this situation?
The goods and services purchased from foreign sources are:
Label this picture.
If the ventral root of a spinal nerve were destroyed, a person would lose:
Modify the data file according to the instructions below. Upload your finished work to Canvas using the link. The Farm Fresh Market wants an easier way to keep track of the shelf life of fresh vegetables. Perform the following tasks to help them:  Open the data file associated with this test in Canvas. Save the workbook using the file name Farm Fresh Market Complete. Apply the Savon theme to the worksheet. Format the data as a table using the style Green, Table Style Medium 5. Adjust column widths so that all column headings are fully visible. Enter the following numeric data in the Sell By Date column, rows 3 through 15:    Sell By Date   10/21/2020   10/19/2020   10/12/2020   10/13/2020   10/10/2020   10/26/2020   10/20/2020   10/10/2020   10/18/2020   10/22/2020   10/16/2020   10/17/2020   10/17/2020     Create three new calculated columns: Shelf Life, Days Left and Grade. The formula for calculating the Shelf Life is = [Sell By Date] - [Stock Date]. The formula for calculating the Days Left is = [Sell By Date] - currentDate. (Hint: currentDate is a named cell.) The Grade column will require you to create a lookup table, shown below. Type the heading Grade Table fourcolumns to the right of cell H1; apply the same font style, font size and background color as in cell A1 to the heading. Underneath the Grade Table heading, enter the subheadings and data from the table below. For the Days Left and Grade subheadings, apply the same font style and background color as in cell A1; apply font size 11. Merge and center as appropriate. No lines or borders are needed.    Grade Table   Days Left Grade   0 F   3 D   7 C   9 B   14 A     Use the VLOOKUP function to fill in the values for the Grade column of the data table. Use the Grade Table for the lookup values. The numbers in the Days Left column represent the minimum number of additional days the product may be left on the shelf for each grade. Add conditional formatting to the Product ID and Grade columns so that the product ID and letter grade of produce with a grade of "C" are formatted with a bold font, color Blue, Accent 2 (column 6, row 1), surrounded by a solid border, color Blue, Accent 2 (column 6, row 1), no fill. Create an output area. Enter the heading Output Area in cell J10; apply the same font style, font size and background color as in cell A1. Merge and center cells J10 through L10. Starting in cell J11 and going down, fill in the following labels: Grade A Count, Grade B Count, Grade D Count, Vegetable Count and Fruit Count. Use the COUNTIF function to fill in the appropriate counts in cells L11 through L15. Create a treemap:  Sort the table by Type and then select the range B2:D15. Insert a treemap chart and apply the second chart style. Remove the legend. Move the chart to a new worksheet, named Treemap Chart. Change the font size of the chart title to 32 and type Farm Fresh Market Stock Dates as the new title. Change the font size of the data labels to 18. Apply the Banner label option to the data series. Display the Category name and Value data labels and separate the labels by placing Value on a new line. Save the workbook.   Protect the worksheet Farm Fresh Market and lock cells for editing so that only the data in the following columns of the table can be edited: Product ID, Type, Produce, Stock Date and Sell By Date. Do not use a password to protect the worksheet. Save the workbook. Farm Fresh Market has decided to change the product ID numbers to make them easier to read and remember in the future.  Create a new worksheet named Product ID. Copy the Product ID column data from the Farm Fresh Market worksheet into the same cells on the new worksheet and adjust the column width to best fit. In cell B3, use the TEXT function to convert the product numbers to text with a hyphen between the fourth and fifth digits. (Use Excel's function help if necessary.) For example, "369718" should convert to "3697-18." Copy the TEXT function from B3 to the cells below so that all product numbers are converted.   Save the workbook and upload it to Canvas.
Read each sentence. Choose the correct answer. You _____________ smoke in restaurants in this country. It is a law here.
In the past, it has been stated that 60% of all college students work part-time during the school year. A resent sample of 1240 college student showed that 768 work part-time during the school year.  Test the hypothesis that the percent of all college students that work part-time during the school year has increased from 60%.  Use 5% significance level.  What is the appropriate decision and conclusion?
Rank the alkyl halides in order of decreasing SN2 reactivity, putting the most reactive first.
Suppose that the average area of a barn is 144ft with a standard deviation of 12ft, and the average area of a trailer is 69ft with a standard deviation of 5ft. What is the standard deviation of the difference in average areas between the barn and the trailer?
The female gonad is the _________.
The three theories that frame the rationale for varying training parameters in a periodized program indicate that which of the following is likely to occur if the length of time between exposure to a similar external load is overly long?
The most immediate result of destruction of a cell's ribosomes would be
For the molecular orbital diagram below, choose the correct description for the molecular orbital diagram of benzene.      benzene stick model benzene
4) Which of the following is arranged in correct order from the most complex to the simplest?
In the Figure below, which diagram of a cell wall is resistant to many antibiotics (e.g., penicillin)?
What was the name of the first collegiate basketball championship event?
A nurse is caring for a client who fell at a nursing home. The client is oriented to person, place, and time and can follow directions. Which of the following actions should the nurse take to decrease the risk of another fall? (select all that apply)
Based on Dr. McNealy's lecture, invasion of privacy  is NOT expressed in the First Amendment but implied.
Your patient is participating in Phase II Outpatient Cardiac Rehabilitation.  The patient is currently using the treadmill at an appropriate intensity.  The patient complains of fatigue and you note the presence of triplets on the patient's ECG.  How do you respond?
