A block rests on a horizontal frictionless surface. A string is attached to the block and is pulled with a constant force of 45.0 N at an angle th above the horizontal. After the block is pulled through a distance of 1.50 m, its speed is 2.60 m/s and 50.0 J of work has been done on it. What is the mass of the block?
Control activities can be grouped as preventive controls and detective controls. Which of the following is a detective control?
Intelligence is a complex trait that is influenced by both genes and the environment. For each of the following sentences, choose the term that best completes the statement.  The [1] test measures verbal fluency, mathematical reasoning, memory, and spatial visualization skills. Assessments of heritability show [2] contribution from genetics to intelligence. Approximately at least [3] of our genes are estimated to impact our intelligence.
According to Pavlov, learning occurs when
Which of the following is an immature neutrophil that should remain in the bone marrow but may be seen in peripheral blood if the patient has overwhelming disease resulting in a left shift?
Consider storing strings in a hash table so that you can quickly check whether any given string has been added versus not. How would you instantiate the HashTableMap class that you implemented for Project One for this purpose?
The correct formula/name for dinitrogen pentoxide is N2O5.
The entry to record the issuance of 150 shares of $5 par common stock at par to an attorney in payment of legal fees for organizing the corporation includes a credit to:
which answer below is NOT a  Function of connective tissues
Which of the following illustrates a latent function of education?
TRUE/FALSE:  It is recommended that you include scheduled refreshment breaks in your virtual event much the same as would be done for a physical event.
Identify the structure by the pointer:
A void method can contain a return statement.
Tobler's first law of geography states, "everything is related to everything else, but near things are more related than distant things." This law formalizes which of the following concepts?
Which is a key cue used by infants when attempting to identify whether a sound represents a word?
The AP humerus requires that the humeral epicondyles are _____ to the IR.
The nurse reviews laboratory results for a client diagnosed with hypercholesterolemia and acute coronary syndrome. Which alteration in plasma lipids will the nurse expect to observe?
Which of the following were identified as good ideas?
Write the solution (include all steps) to this problem on a piece of paper.  Once completed, hold the solution so I can see it on-camera for at least 3 seconds.  After you submit this exam, you will scan and submit the problems work as a single PDF document to the corresponding dropbox in eCampus for this exam.  The problems you submit to the dropbox must exactly match the problems shown on-camera.  If not, the grade for this exam will be a zero.  You may use an approved non-CAS calculator on this exam.  Solve the following system of equations by using any method.  You must show work for credit.  If using rref on your calculator, write down the augmented matrix you've typed into your calculator.  x-4y+3z=-11       y-3z =-6               z = 3{"version":"1.1","math":"x-4y+3z=-11       y-3z =-6               z = 3"}
The president appoints federal district court justices
