!Prueba de gramatica!  Hace (time) que + preterite   Directions: For the following grammar questions, please change the verb in parentheses to the correct form to describe how long ago someone did something.
The flu pandemic of 1918 was the deadliest pandemic of the 20th century.
Es evidente que los estudiantes _______ (leer) las noticias.
PSA is produced by the seminal vesicles and is indicative of cancer of this structure.
The ability to listen to music while reading a magazine indicates
A nurse is performing discharge education with the parents of an infant who underwent surgery to treat pyloric stenosis 2 days ago. The nurse is aware that parents understand the discharge instructions when they are able to list the following reasons to contact the physician once discharged. (Select all that apply).
When scientists observe two things that are correlated, it means that one causes the other.
Which of the following is the correct order for increasing atomic radius (written smallest to largest)?
The nurse is caring for a client with a valvular disorder of the heart. What intervention should the nurse perform before administering the prescribed beta-blockers to clients with valvular disorders of the heart?
For patient safety, the most important responsibility of the technologist prior to administration of iodine contrast media is to:
Which of the following statements regarding drug use among 8th through 12th grad students is false?
Which medication would you not want to give to a patient who has allergies to Sulfa medications?
What is the most salient aspect of Prufrock's physical appearance, mentioned at least three times in "The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock" by T.S. Eliot?
While he was in school, Darry, Ponyboy's brother, was
Anti-A and anti-B antibodies
Morphogenesis and morphostasis refers to the extent to which the family:
One of the requirements in filing and maintaining a lawsuit is standing.  To meet this requirement the plaintiff must have:
The nurse is performing passive range-of-motion exercises on his patient when the patient begins to complain of pain. What is the first thing the nurse should do?
How do you pronounce your first name (or the name you prefer to be called, if it differs)? Please do your best to type it out the way it sounds. I don't like to mispronounce anyone's name! For instance, I would write DeWhatley as duh-WATT-lee. I capitalized the middle section because it is emphasized.
In nuclear fusion
