A patient who is receiving methotrexate for severe rheumatoid arthritis develops a megaloblastic anemia. The nurse will anticipate teaching the patient about increasing oral intake of:
Exemplary Middle School   -  Read the following paragraphs describing a school for young adolescents. You will need to distinguish between those characteristics that are considered to meet the middle school philosophy and those that would characterize the school more as a junior high school.  Questions follow the reading. MSU Middle School serves young adolescents between 11 and 14 years of age.  The students are assigned to interdisciplinary teaching teams. Teachers are located near their content area peers. Students are assigned to a homeroom within that team where students read silently except when papers are passed out to students to be taken home to parents for review. The students progress through their day attending 4 classes in a block schedule that includes core academic subjects, as well as electives. The school also provides a wide array of lunch time and after school clubs.  The school leadership team, consisting of the principal, assistant principals and a variety of teacher leaders has recently implemented a transition program to ease the middle school students into the high school.   THIS IS A 3 PART QUESTION. MAKE SURE TO IDENTIFY EACH PART. DON'T MAKE IT ONE BIG PARAGRAPH.  1. Based on what you read above about MSU Middle School. Explain if you think the school is more of a middle school or more of a junior high.  2.  Explain why you identified the school as more of a middle school or a junior high - give at least 2 examples (make sure to be specific and use the text from above). The examples should demonstrate your understanding of the differences between a middle school and a junior high. 3.  List ONE change (based on what is presented or based on your knowledge of effective middle schools based on This We Believe) that could make MSU Middle School more representative of an exemplary middle school.
Abraham, an engineer at Softos Inc., wants to test his building designs for flaws and optimize them before submitting them to his clients. Which of the following software is most likely to be used by Abraham for this purpose?
An individual with blood type O+, has the antigen(s) [antigens1] on their RBCs. They can donate packed red blood cells to people with blood type(s) [bloodtype1].
CASE #2 Patient Profile: Male, Age 32 Chief Concern:  Bad breath and soreness in lower left jaw area Medical History:  Smoking Dental History:  Last appointment 5 years ago Supplemental History:  Intraoral examination shows pericoronal inflammation around a partially erupted permanent mandibular left third molar, and the patient presents with halitosis and coated tongue. Which muscle is contracted when the patient sticks out his tongue during the examination?
Dark money is political money that comes from donors whose names must always be disclosed.
The 13th Amendment to the United States constitution permits felony criminal offenders to legal servitude/slavery.
An effective, easily implemented control over payroll is:
ylogb[?](x)=logb[?](xy){"version":"1.1","math":"y log_b (x) = log_b (xy) "}
Sick sinus syndrome refers to a disorder that results in which of the following?
Two "pathways" that SURF1 participates in that were revealed studying yeast models of Leigh Syndrome?
Find the arc length of the graph of the function  over the interval [1,216].
A nurse is caring for a client who is one day postpartum and has a perineal laceration. The nurse assesses the laceration for all of the following except:
List all of Henry VIII's wives, in order, and what their fate was (divorced, died, etc.)  Naming the children they had, also, counts extra. You should have seen this one coming :)
Which of the following is the best example of a implication question?
All the students __________ their paragraphs to the dropbox on time last week.
Referring to the patient treatment in the previous question, what is the reason for the inferior treatment border ending where it does on a whole brain treatment for medulloblastoma?
A client diagnosed with anxiety has been prescribed clonidine (Catapres). What should the nurse assess before administering the drug?
Which of the animals listed below have teeth only on the bottom of their mouth?
Construct a pie chart representing the given data set.
