Extra credit question (4 points; it shows as 0 points in this exam so that Canvas will not count it in the denominator, I will manually add up to 4 points as appropriate when grading so that it will show as extra credit). Numerous researchers around the world are working to develop vaccines to SARS-CoV-2, the novel coronavirus causing the current pandemic that is impacting all of our lives. Although there are different approaches being taken, the basic idea is for the vaccine to get the adaptive immune system to produce antibodies (note: there is more to the story, but we won't worry about that for now). Imagine an individual is given the vaccine, responds well, and produces antibodies. How would these antibodies protect that individual from getting sick from the novel coronavirus? I.e., what generally do antibodies accomplish that is protective? Briefly explain - it should be possible to correctly answer this question in just a correct sentence or two.
2. A truss is shown below with the applied loads at G & F as indicated.    a) (4 points) Solve for the reactions at A and E. You must include your free body diagram. Ax [Ax] kN Ay [Ay] kN Ey [Ey] kN
Jennie is part of the Customer Service department for a large company and gets along and talks with everyone in her department.  She also has friends in Marketing and talks about work and projects with them to keep the Marketing department informed of customer complaints.  No one else in her department knows anyone in Marketing.  In analyzing the informal communication network of her company, Jennie is
Which activity in the care of a client with a new colostomy could the nurse delegate to unlicensed assistive personnel (UAP)?
Assertiveness is an important quality to have only when dealing with patients, not coworkers.
What is the genotype of Sample DNA 1?
It is possible to genetically modify bacteria to mass produce human proteins such as insulin.
In the figure (see document), two blocks, of masses 2.00 kg and 3.00 kg, are connected by a light string that passes over a frictionless pulley of moment of inertia 0.00400 kg * m2 and radius 5.00 cm. The coefficient of friction for the tabletop is 0.300. The blocks are released from rest. Using energy methods, find the speed of the upper block just as it has moved 0.600 m.
Wyatt's mother is taking cookies out of the oven. Which statement would suggest most strongly that the id is firmly in control of Wyatt's behavior?
Which intermolecular force is responsible for the fact that ice is less dense than liquid water? A. London dispersion forces B. dipole-dipole forces C. ion-dipole forces D. hydrogen bonding E. none of the above
3.10   Sinsoorte (types of sentences): Kies (choose) die regte sinsoort vir die volgende sin:      3.10.1   Ek geniet dit om na sokker te kyk. [ans1]   (1)
a1-antitrypsin (D.24)
Take a look at the following data:  Which of the following is not correct?
Processes that regulate cell division in mammals include:
Complete the following question using dimensional analysis. In order to get credit for this question, you must show your work on the piece of paper provided by your instructor.   Enter ONLY the numeric value in the space provided.  No units (mL, units, tablets etc.) measurements. Round to the nearest tenth place. The doctor prescribed phenytoin 0.5 g IM NOW. The pharmacy sends a vial of phenytoin that contains 250 mg in 1 mL. How many mL will the nurse administer?
A nurse on a neurological unit is providing care for a client who has a spinal cord injury at the level C4. When planning care for the client, the nurse expects the client will:
What is the distinction between intrinsic and extrinsic muscles of the hand?
Which step does Tony hide the key under?
Qualitative data are gathered using what method?
EXAM PROBLEM #2   Instructions:  Below is a numbered list of terms that describe the examples provided in the questions. Select the one term that BEST describes the example item. No phrases will be used more than once. Not all phrases will be used.  Choose which one of these terms is the best description for each example item provided in the questions: (1)    alkaline earth metal (2)    metalloid (3)    transition metal (4)    post transition metal (5)    homogeneous mixture (6)    heterogeneous mixture (7)    molecular compound (8)    ionic compound (9)    nonpolar covalent bond (10)  polar covalent bond (11)  type of chemical reaction that causes the beaker to get colder (12)  type of chemical reaction that causes the beaker to get warmer   Questions - each of these is an example of one of the terms listed above.  Choose the best term for each one: A.   AgCl:  [definition1] B.   C-N:  [definition2] C.   Endothermic Reaction:  [definition3] D.   HCl(aq):  [definition4] E.   Iron:  [definition5]
