Gastric bypass surgeries achieve their effectiveness as anti-obesity surgeries by
What are three safe ways to thaw meat? Select the THREE answers that apply.
According to Jean Piaget, children gain the ability to use _____ during middle childhood.
Many experts agree that robots will replace teachers by 2027. Robot Teachers  If you think of the jobs robots could never do, you would probably put doctors and teachers at the top of the list. It's easy to imagine robot cleaners and factory workers, but some jobs need human connection and creativity. But are we underestimating what robots can do? In some cases, they already perform better than doctors at diagnosing illness. Also, some patients might feel more comfortable sharing personal information with a machine than a person. Could there be a place for robots in education after all?  British education expert Anthony Seldon thinks so. And he even has a date for the robot takeover of the classroom: 2027. He predicts robots will do the main job of transferring information and teachers will be like assistants. Intelligent robots will read students' faces, movements and maybe even brain signals. Then they will adapt the information to each student. It's not a popular opinion and it's unlikely robots will ever have empathy and the ability to really connect with humans like another human can.   One thing is certain, though. A robot teacher is better than no teacher at all. In some parts of the world, there aren't enough teachers and 9-16 percent of children under the age of 14 don't go to school. That problem could be partly solved by robots because they can teach anywhere and won't get stressed, or tired, or move somewhere for an easier, higher-paid job.   Those negative aspects of teaching are something everyone agrees on. Teachers all over the world are leaving because it is a difficult job and they feel overworked. Perhaps the question is not 'Will robots replace teachers?' but 'How can robots help teachers?' Office workers can use software to do things like organize and answer emails, arrange meetings and update calendars. Teachers waste a lot of time doing non-teaching work, including more than 11 hours a week marking homework. If robots could cut the time teachers spend marking homework and writing reports, teachers would have more time and energy for the parts of the job humans do best.
Gross Corporation adopted the dollar-value LIFO method of inventory valuation on December 31, 2019. Its inventory at that date was $1,100,000 and the relevant price index was 100. Information regarding inventory for subsequent years is as follows:                                     Inventory at                 Current            Date                Current Prices             Price IndexDecember 31, 2020    $1,284,000                    107December 31, 2021    1,450,000                      125December 31, 2022    1,625,000                      130 What is the cost of the ending inventory at December 31, 2021 under dollar-value LIFO?
What is the primary rate limiter for skipping?
How many alleles control for blood type in humans?
What is the name of your lecture instructor for A&P I?
Which choice is the correct expression for the equilibrium constant, Kc, for the reaction: Al2(SO3)3(s) + 6 HCl(g)  2 AlCl3(s) + 3 H2O(l) + 3 SO2(g)
The property of organisms to integrate catabolic and anabolic pathways to improve cell efficiency is called
Lab 5: Diffusion, Osmosis, and Cell Membranes  Diffusion in Milk: When you dropped the food coloring into the milk it didn't spread the same way that it did when you added food coloring to water in the Diffusion experiment. Then you added dish soap in a different location and the food coloring in the milk began to spread.   Explain in detail what happened and why this happened (3 pts.)
Convert the angle to a decimal in degrees. Round the answer to two decimal places.113deg22'28''
ID white structure at end of pointer
The graph below shows that post vaccination program, the number of adult meningitis cases is
Many physicians believe that a patient's attitude, especially a fighting spirit, is the underlying factor in spontaneous remission from incurable illness.
t-RNA is messenger RNA.
The structural and functional unit of the kidney.
A type of residence pattern where the married couple lives with either the groom or bride's family is called______________________.
Which of the following assignment statements IS ILLEGAL?
Briefly explain why this indexed investor did not earn a return equal to the percentage change in spot prices during this time period. Please be brief but specific.
