Understanding Ads 1 Five thousand! That's about how many advertisements you are exposed to in one day if you live in a metropolitan area. Researchers' estimates of the actual number vary from three hundred to six thousand, but everyone knows that ads are everywhere. Advertising goes down the street with us; it's on trains, planes, and buses. It shouts at us at sporting events from the banners on display and the electronic scoreboards. Advertising takes the form of brand names and logos on our clothing and accessories. You can't even turn on the television or check out your favorite website without watching an advertisement. At every point, advertising shouts, whispers, or cajoles us to "Look at me! Buy me!" But how exactly do advertisements do it? As it turns out, just a few formats characterize the majority of ads.  2 One common, and very persuasive, type of advertisement is known as the association ad. This advertisement could be a picture of a famous person wearing a designer's shoes or clothing, or driving a certain type of car. It does not bother to tell or show you what the product does. Instead, the message is "you've got to have this product because of who you'll be associated with if you own it or wear it." 3 "Look," one ad implies, "there's your favorite basketball star wearing those sneakers. Don't you want to be just like him?" 4 "And listen," the next ad invites, "to the soundtrack that forms the rhythm and beat of the lives of the cool people who wear these headphones." 5 These types of advertisements may also present an entire socioeconomic or cultural group that it intends the viewer to associate with the product. Moreover, every one of them dresses, looks, and acts the way that the target audience aspires to look, dress, and act. "You want to be those people?" it asks in a voice so subtle you can barely hear it. "Well, then," it answers for you, "buy our product."  6 Another ubiquitous advertising type is the "you've got to have it because look what it does" format, which demonstrates a product. For example, one stain removal product proves to be superior to another by removing a seemingly impossible stain from a shirt. In a television commercial, the viewer learns how rapidly and perfectly a super chopper cuts up vegetables. Often the accompanying voice you hear is straightforward, knowledgeable, and quite friendly. In another variation of this format, the voice can be cautionary instead, warning you about what will happen if you try a competitor's products.  7 Ads that tell a story are found most often in commercials, as a story relies on multiple images and a sequence of events. This format has infinite variations, but imagine one that goes like this: A man is driving in his old car and pulls up next to a new, shiny car at a stop light. He looks at the driver in the new car and imagines that he is the one driving the fancy new car. Images flash across the screen--images of how different the man's life would be if he had that car. Suddenly he flashes back to reality. The brand flashes on the screen or is highlighted prominently on the rear of the new automobile as the light turns green and the car speeds off in front of him. The last scene of this story? Man driving to the new car dealership for--you guessed it--that same car. 8 Then there's the endorsement, which often features someone's voice describing the product. You have to have this product because . . . I lost weight with it . . . my hair grew back . . . I can do the things I used to do again . . . the basic message being, "look what it did for me!" The speaker may be holding the product, tasting it, wearing it, showing before and after pictures. This format is about the message.  9 You will notice from these examples that the lines between ad formats can get blurred; some endorsement ads tell stories, and some story ads also depend on associations. However you categorize them, it does appear that most advertisements fall into a pre-determined type. While that may seem repetitive, it is a model that works. Out of five thousand ads a day, one of those is certain to catch your attention. Who is the intended audience for this passage?
ID the region of the structure labeled A below [blank1]. ID the blood vessel labeled B below [blank2].
QUESTION 4 -  MY BODY    Lee el texto y contesta a las preguntas.    Read the text and answer the questions that follow.      Hola, me llamo Miguel y tengo los ojos marrones y el pelo negro y corto. Mi hermana se llama Isabel y tiene los ojos azules y el pelo rubio, largo y ondulado. Mi mama se llama Alejandra y ella es alta y bonita. Ella tiene los ojos marrones y el pelo rubio y rizado. Mi padre se llama Marco y el tiene los ojos azules y el pelo negro y corto. El lleva barba y bigote. Mi abuela tiene el pelo gris, y mi abuelo ya no tiene pelo - !el es calvo! Word count:  93
The phrase "Rule the patient out of the clinic" refers most specifically to completing a ___________.
To conjugate an -ar verb such as 'trabajar' in the 'nosotros' form, you drop the -ar and add ____________ .
Which of the New England colonies was founded by Separatist Puritans who wanted to escape England and its church?
The double integral
Which type of reaction is Zn + 2HCl - ZnCl2 + H2?
Explain how the original Phillips curve differs from the accelerationist Phillips curve.
Considering ASTM F 24, F 770 on the Standard Practice for Ownership, Operation, Maintenance, and Inspection of Amusement Rides and Devices, and the "Patron Responsibility" clause...  "There are inherent risks in the participation in or on any amusement ride, device, or attraction. Patrons of an amusement ride, device, or attraction, by participation, accept the risks inherent in such participation of which the ordinary prudent person is or should be aware. Patrons have a duty to exercise good judgment and act in a responsible manner while using the amusement ride, device, or attraction and to obey all oral or written warnings, or both, prior to or during participation, or both."   As a theme park operator, please describe the responsibility of the operator to inform patrons of their duties to comply with the standards.  Considering my "5 Philosophies..." could a patron be held accountable for the standard. Please explain.  Could this be considered a "hidden" service GAP (in reverse, if you will)? Why/why not?
Before a ceramic xdcr element, such as lead zirconate titanate, is suitable as an u/s xdcr, it must be:
Which is NOT a common pulse point?
Plant proteins are typically
Which statement most accurately describes the occipital lobe?
ICP  can be increased by coughing or blowing the nose.
What makes the North Star, Polaris, special?
Which one of the following does not describe ghrelin or ghrelin's function? (A) Ghrelin is called a "hunger hormone" (B) Ghrelin can increase the gastric acid secretion and gastrointestinal motility to prepare the body for food intake(C) Ghrelin is produced by the ghrelinergic cells in the gastrointestinal tract.(D) High blood ghrelin level will reduce the blood glucose concentration.
Which term means the act of giving birth?
Identify the primary functions of the lobe of the brain that is located superior to the lateral fissure and anterior to the central sulcus.
Using cruise control on the highway can help you stay within the speed limit.
