In the video at the beginning of the article, several people are interviewed about the crisis. Using the information in the video, answer the following question in 2-3 sentences.  Maria Elena Azahares se entrevisto en el articulo y en el video. Describe las condiciones de la vivienda de otra de las personas en el video. Incluye el nombre de la persona en tu descripcion.
These scientists recently won the Nobel prize for their pioneering work in the discovery of CRISPR.
Which of the following is true about your learning style?
What color do you expect Escherichia coli to be after performing the acid-fast stain?
Which of the following should be considered during the scene size-up of a hazardous materials emergency?
Gamma X-rays Ultraviolet Visible Infrared Microwaves Radio waves    Which has a higher energy, orange light or yellow light?
Personality and intelligence, which are characteristics that are unique to each individual, are the result of:
Which of the following activities is least likely to be achieved by an infant between 9 and 12 months of age?
Franklin Roosevelt's "Court Packing Plan" following the 1936 election.
After discussing the first main point in his speech on sustainable agriculture, Rasheed said: So far, I have explained the problems associated with our present agricultural system. Next, I will explain what sustainable agriculture is and why it is superior to the current system. According to your textbook, what type of connective did Rasheed use?
What was the legislation in 1833, sparked by the nullification crisis in South Carolina, that authorized the president's use of the army to compel states to comply with federal law?
A patient  is being admitted with a fracture of the right femur after falling from a tree. What should be the highest nursing priority at this time?
Oil:
Providing ________________ is one of the most important ways to promote inclusion and respond to the ADA.
Aniline is a(n)
Generally, if a member dissociates from a limited liability company (LLC), the other members cannot continue to carry on the LLC's business.
White et al. (1981) had men run in place for either 15 seconds or 120 seconds. These men then rated how attracted they were to either a somewhat attractive woman or a somewhat unattractive woman. When were men MOST attracted to the woman?
A child has a history of sickle cell anemia, and is brought to the emergency department with reports of generalized pain for several hours. The nurse completes an assessment with the above results. The nurse suspects the child is experiencing a vaso-occlusive crisis. Which assessment finding best supports the nurse's suspicion?
TRUE/FALSE: Incontinence is uncommon and therefore not treatable.
According to Gottman, both men and women list _______ as the most important factor in marital satisfaction.
