In class we studied three different types of price discrimination. What is the difference between first degree and second degree price discrimination? Here I expect you to mention what the firm can and cannot observe about consumers, as well as the differences in terms of a firm's pricing strategy.
The loop is now rotated by 90deg in 2 seconds along the horizontal diameter shown.  What is the average emf induced in the coil during this time?
Consider an RPC whose calling parameters include a single variable A passed by reference. Describe the RPC steps necessary to provide the variable A from the client to the server procedure.
The entry to record a cash receipt from a customer when the service to be provided has not yet been performed involves a debit to an unearned revenue account.
A nurse is caring for a client who is experiencing both positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Which statement correctly differentiates the client's positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia?
A young woman has been diagnosed with human papilloma virus (HPV). As a result, she will be at increased risk for which of the following?
The ________ cells of the pancreatic islets secrete insulin in RESPONSE to ________.
A rock is thrown straight up from the earth's surface.  Which one of the following statements concerning the net force acting on the rock at the top of its path is true?
Which structure of a synovial joint, e.g., the knee, are pads of fibrocartilage between articulating bone surfaces?
President Ronald Reagan was an early and vocal supporter of the Equal Rights Amendment.
29. A nurse is caring for a client who has acute kidney injury (AKI). Which of the following arterial blood gas values would the nurse expect this client to have?
14. A patient is admitted to an emergency department (ED) with reports of feeling weak   and having "passed out." The outside temperature is 100degF (41.3degC), and the patient has been gardening. Physical assessment findings reveal poor skin turgor, dry oral mucous membranes, heart rate (HR) 120 beats per minute, and blood pressure (B/P) 92/54 mm Hg.  Which nursing diagnosis should the nurse include in the patient's plan of care?
Electra Corporation's inventory of a particular product includes 50 units purchased at a per-unit cost of $100, and another 50 units purchased at a unit cost of $120. If Electra sells 10 units of this product, the cost of goods sold will be
21-22) Use the text below to answer questions 21-22.  Humans naturally quickly jerk away when they receive an electrical shock.  Cheyenne has a massage chair with a loose wire in it that occasionally shocks her in the lower back. When this happens, she automatically jumps out of the chair. Just prior to giving her a shock, the chair always makes a high-pitched noise that sounds like metal rubbing on metal.  One day, Cheyenne's friend was sitting in the massage chair while Cheyenne sat in a regular chair right next to her.  Even though she wasn't in the massage chair, as soon as Cheyenne heard the high-pitched noise she jumped out of her chair.       21) In the example of classical conditioning above, Cheyenne jumping out of the massage chair in response to receiving an electric shock is the:
7. WHAT KEY BUSINESS RATIO CALCULATES BY TAKING NET PROFIT/NET WORTH
Elsinore Tech is considering the purchase of a new brewing machine to replace an existing one.  The old machine was purchased 2 years ago at a cost of $60,000, and was being depreciated using straight-line depreciation over six years to a SV of 0.  The current market value of the old machine is $20,000.  The new machine falls into the MACRS 3-year class, has an estimated life of 4 years, it costs $100,000, and Tech plans to sell the machine at the end of the fourth year for $10,000.  The new machine is expected to generate sales of $40,000 per year as well as costing the firm an extra $2,000 per year in costs.  In addition, the company will need to increase inventory by $25,000.  The company's tax rate is 20 percent.  (Numbers in parentheses are negative) MACRS ClassYear            3 yr        5yr            7yr1               33.33%  20.00%     14.29%2               44.45%  32.00%     24.49%3               14.81%  19.20%     17.49%4                 7.41%  11.52%     12.49%5                               11.52%       8.93%6                                 5.76%       8.92%7                                                   8.93%8                                                   4.46% What would be the operating cash flow in year 1 (t=1)?
Which of these individuals will the nurse consider to be at the highest risk for a suicide attempt?
Able & Baker, a law firm, decided to offer lobbying services to the public and to clients through an entity owned partially by the partners in the firm. The partners of Able & Baker formed AB Lobbying, PC, a separate entity from the law firm. The AB Lobbying, PC was owned 75% by the partners of the firm and 25% by the non-lawyer lobbyists who ran the firm. No Able & Baker partner offered legal services through AB Lobbying. Clients of the Able & Baker law firm were informed that the partners of Able & Baker owned part of a lobbying firm that was separate and distinct from the law firm. The clients were informed that lobbying was not the practice of law and clients should not expect the protections of the attorney-client relationship when receiving services from the lobbying firm. Clients were specifically informed before any work was given to AB Lobbying that they had a choice to take their lobbying work elsewhere.  Are the lawyer partners subject to discipline?
An improperly calibrated timer could cause the duration of the exposure to be shorter than expected causing:
Name and briefly describe the three property valuation approaches discussed in the Darden case. Which approaches were used in this case and why was the choice of valuation method important?
