The broken windows model of policing focuses on which element of the police mission?
Source 1: "At the end of the First World War, the League of Nations had been designed to implement the principle of 'collective security.' This was the principle that, wherever an act of 'aggression' occurred, the whole international community would combine to defend the victim of that aggression. In so doing, the League would defend not only the particular country concerned, but peace itself. . . . In theory this system should have been foolproof. If the principle had been fully implemented, no nation would have ever taken action to breach the peace because doing so would have united against it the combined forces of the rest of the world. Japan would not have invaded Manchuria. Italy would not have invaded Ethiopia. Nazi Germany would not have invaded Czechoslovakia or Poland. The fact that these things did nonetheless happen suggests that there was something wrong with the theory. What this was was clear: while nations would readily accept the abstract theory of 'collective security,' they were not usually willing, in concrete situations, to undergo the strenuous sacrifices involved in going to war to fulfill it." Evan Luard, historian, "The Lessons of the League," introduction to a history of the United Nations, published 1982     Source 2: "The founders of the UN created a system which theoretically prohibited states from using force unilaterally other than in self-defense. Instead, the system aimed to centralize the use of force under the control of the UN's Security Council. Under the UN Charter, the Security Council was to act in cases of breaches of peace and acts of aggression. It could take measures such as political and economic sanctions or measures involving the use of force. The Security Council was to have its own standing army and a Military Staff Committee. . . . However, the Charter's collective security scheme did not operate as planned. Not surprising, the prohibition on the use of force did not stop states from using force--there have been over 100 major conflicts since 1945. Especially during the Cold War, the veto (or the threat of veto) by the five Permanent Members--the USA, the Soviet Union, Great Britain, France, and China--obstructed the Council's ability to act. A standing UN army that could maintain or restore international peace was never established. Nevertheless, the UN system proved sufficiently flexible to allow the Security Council to take action in ways not expressly provided for in the Charter. The UN created the institution of peacekeeping, even though there was no express basis for it in the Charter. UN peacekeeping operations were to be conducted with the consent of the host state, to be impartial in nature, and were not to involve the use of force by the peacekeepers, except in self-defense. Despite these limitations and the ongoing problem of securing adequate resources, peacekeeping has been a relatively effective way of containing some international conflicts." Christine Gray, international relations expert, "The Charter Limitations on the Use of Force: Theory and Practice," scholarly article, 2008            Based on the two passages, the authors would most likely have agreed that
A benefit of communal living is __________ for those living in such communities.
Instructions: The following sentences form a passage. Select the correct past tense verb for each blank.   The day ____ early at Flamingo in Everglades National Park.
An ethical dilemma occurs when none of the available alternatives seems ethically acceptable.
She is the Chief Operating Officer of the John Gore Organization.
What structure is labeled 10?
Trouble shooting zoom: Join Zoom Meetinghttps://fiu.zoom.us/j/98918783151?pwd=dkpBRVJKOXpYSjVVblVPMTFzMG5mZz09&from=addonMeeting ID: 989 1878 3151Passcode: 2021gcp    BMS 6003 - Quiz 12- 10 questions.
Find the slope of the line that passes through the points (-3, 3) and (9, -1). Enter the slope in simplified fraction form if necessary.If the slope is undefined, enter UNDEFINED.If the slope is zero, enter 0 or ZERO. m = [one]
We all have a conceptual framework by which we compare what is being presented to us to what we know to be true.  Some of you began the class with a fear of insects while others wanted to grow up to be entomologists.  In either case, you have learned how impactful insects are to the planet and to human health and well being.  What are the two most significant insect facts you learned in this class and how will you use that knowledge your future? Be sure to answer both parts of the question. I would like to know how you will use this information in your chosen field, or just life in general.  Be sure to give some specifics.
Name this organ
Following the War of 1812, President Madison embraced nationalism and a broad interpretation of the Constitution, thus moving close to the old Federalist position.
General partnerships can be formed only by a written or oral agreement.
Functions of astrocytes include all of the following except
As a result of the transfers described above, B--
Which negotiation term describes Party B's lowest acceptable outcome?
Mitosis and cytokinesis result in the formation of ______; meiosis and cytokinesis result in the formation of ________.
Small businesses are typically managed by
The body's non-specific defenses include all of the following EXCEPT:
Today, and increasingly in the future, there will be more adult siblings available to share in the care of their elderly parents.
