Shenaya will be having her exam in pharmacology tomorrow. She should be aware that antitussive is indicated to
Which of the following is the best advice to follow when receiving telephone calls for others?
A 39-year-old woman with multiple medical problems has been noted to have progressively worsening renal insufficiency. Which of the following measures is most important in the prevention of end-stage renal disease?
The patient is a 56-year-old male who was admitted with a history of hematemesis for the past 36 hours. He also had some tarry black stools. The patient shared that he was under a great deal of stress dealing with his wife who is a known prescription pain medication addict. He was recently diagnosed with hypertension and attributes that to the stressful home situation. After admission the patient's blood pressure was 180/110 and the urgent hypertensive condition had to be controlled prior to additional testing which determined him to have an acute, giant gastric ulcer that was actively bleeding. It was also noted that the patient was taking Pradaxa for longstanding persistent atrial fibrillation. He was administered Idarucizumab, a reversal agent for Pradaxa, through a peripheral vein and taken for immediate surgical intervention. The patient was then scheduled for surgical intervention. PROCEDURE PERFORMED: Subtotal gastrectomy with Billroth II anastomosis OPERATIVE PROCEDURE: The patient was brought to the operating room and placed on the table in a supine position, at which time general anesthesia was administered without difficulty. His abdomen was then prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion. An upper midline incision was made. The peritoneum was then entered using the Metzenbaum scissors and hemostats. A retractor was placed and he was noted to have a cirrhotic liver with micronodular cirrhosis. The left lobe of the liver was mobilized at that point, and the retractors were placed. On palpation of the stomach along the lesser: curvature at approximately the mid portion there was a large gastric ulcer located in the body of the stomach. At this point, the gastrocolic omentum was taken off the greater curvature of the stomach to the level just above the pylorus. Additionally the lesser omen tum was taken down off the lesser curvature of the stomach just above the level of the pylorus. The body of the stomach was then transected approximately 3 cm above the ulcer. At that point, the stomach was reconstructed in a Billrod1 II fashion by bringing the jejunum through the transverse colon mesentery. Two stay sutures were placed to align the jejunum along the posterior wall of the stomach, and a GIA stapler was used to create the anastomosis without difficulty. The stomach and jejunum were then pulled below the transverse colon mesentery, and this was tacked in several places using 3-0 silk sutures. A feeding tube was then placed in the jejunum using the feeding tube kit without difficulty. The abdomen was then irrigated thoroughly using normal saline solution. Hemostasis was achieved using Bovie electrocautery. The midline incision was then closed using-#1 PDS in a running fashion. The skin was closed using skin staple . A sterile dressing was applied. The patient was extubated in the operating room and returned to the intensive care unit in guarded condition. The patient showed continued improvement over the next four days with controlled blood pressures and minimal pain following the procedure. Physician discussed the micronodular cirrhosis, and the patient admitted to alcohol dependence, despite multiple attempts at AA The patient was not exhibiting any withdrawal symptoms, and was agreeable to pursuing outpatient treatment to refrain from drinking.* The patient was then discharged and urged to attend a community resource group such as NAR-ANON to help with coping strategies for dealing with his stressful home situation.  Principal diagnosis: [dx1]Secondary diagnoses: [dx2]Principal procedure: [proc1]Secondary procedure(s): [proc2]Assign MS-DRG: [msdrg1]
What term refers to crusty-looking, slightly raised lesions in mature, sun-damaged skin?
Calculate DG in kJ when 50.0 g of oxygen reacts with excess H2(g) according to the following reaction? 2 H2(g) + O2(g) - 2 H2O(l) DGdegrxn = -572 kJ/mol
Which of the following statements best describes Duchenne  muscular dystrophy (DMD)?
Which of the following diagrams best represents the relationship between a table of students and a table of classes for which the student is registered?
A 15-year-old male is diagnosed with infectious mononucleosis . When the patient asks how he got this disease, how should the nurse respond? The most likely cause is:
Which subnetmask should you use if you want 16 bits of host address space?
Formulae Sheet       An Aggie does not lie, cheat or steal or tolerate those who do. I will not discuss this exam with anyone at any time. I certify that I have personally composed and written the exam, and that I have not received or given any assistance that is contrary to the letter or the spirit of the collaboration guidelines (i.e no collaboration allowed) for this assignment.
5.6   "This example shows how people were trapped into enjoying something because they have spent so much money on it." (lines 11 and 12) There is an error of tense in the above sentence.  Identify and correct the error in this sentence.    (2)
What are the three main functions of a cell?
27. One of the strongest earthquakes ever recorded occurred off the eastern coast of Japan on March 11, 2011. What related disaster caused the most death and destruction.
Painful, watery blisters commonly called cold sores are associated with infections due to
4.6 Su padre tiene el pelo negro y corto.        (1)
A photosynthetic organism would be classified as a ____________.
According to the article, Our Microbes, Ourselves, pharmaceutical companies could
The nurse is caring for a patient with a hip fracture. Which of the following would indicate the patient is experiencing a neurovascular problem?
Which of the following are endocrine glands?  (15.4)
