Me llamo Miriam, e (1)[answer1] (inmigrar) a Estados Unidos de Cuba cuando tenia 20 anos. No queria dejar atras a mi familia, pero finalmente (2)[answer2] (tener) que hacerlo porque me habia vuelto enemiga (I had become an enemy) de la revolucion. Antes de ese momento, mi vida en Cuba iba perfectamente bien--mi familia y yo (3)[answer3] (adorarse), tenia un trabajo que me (4)[answer4] (gustar) mucho y tantos amigos que salia todo el tiempo.   Sin embargo, todo (5)[answer5] (cambiar) el dia en que (6)[answer6] (entrar) soldados revolucionarios en la escuela donde yo daba clases de ingles. Durante media hora, los soldados (7)[answer7] (insistir) en que quitara (removed) el mapa y la bandera estadounidenses pegados a una pared de mi clase. Como me negaba (I refused), de repente un revolucionario me tiro (he threw me) al suelo y el me (8)[answer8] (decir) que habia cometido (had made) el error mas grave de mi vida.   Los proximos meses (9)[answer9] (pasar) como en un sueno (like a dream)... mi madre (10)[answer10] (estar) tan asustada de que yo pudiera ser (could be) otra victima de la revolucion que mis padres me (11)[answer11] (conseguir) los documentos necesarios para poder irme de Cuba. Sin embargo, eso resulto dificil: mas de 15 veces los guerrilleros en el aeropuerto no (12)[answer12] (reconocer) la autoridad de los papeles que me daban permiso para viajar a Florida. De verdad pensaba que terminaria asesinada (I would end up assassinated) hasta que una manana en junio de 1959 los soldados me (13)[answer13] (dejar) subir al avion asi de facil (just like that), y por fin yo (14)[answer14] (llegar) a Miami.
PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Open wound left lower extremity status post fasciotomies of the leftlower extremity for compartment syndrome status post external fixator for left tibial plateau fracture. POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Open wound left lower extremity status post fasciotomies of the leftlower extremity for compartment syndrome status post external fixator for left tibial plateau fracture. PROCEDURE PERFORMED: Irrigation and debridement of the left lower extremity ofthe medial and lateral wounds, both greater than 10 cm each. ANESTHESIA TYPE: General. ESTIMATED BLOOD LOSS: Less than 10 mL COMPLICATIONS: None. INDICATIONS FOR SURGERY: The patient is a 59-year-old male with the above diagnosis. The patienthad initial application of external fixator and fasciotomies performed by my partner on November 23rd.The patient had open wounds, initially had application of a wound VAC with the intent to bring him backto the operating room for repeat I and D, possible ORIF, possible wound closure. Preoperatively, thepatient's leg had too much soft tissue swelling. He did not have a positive wrinkle sign, so the soft tissueswere too swollen to proceed with definitive fixation, so the decision for maintaining the fixator and justdoing irrigation and debridement along with possible wound closure was made at that time. Risks andbenefits were explained to the patient. He made an informed decision to proceed with the aboveprocedure. PROCEDURE: The patient was seen preoperatively. The left lower extremity was marked. He wasbrought in the operating room, placed on the operating table, given a general anesthetic. The left lowerextremity was then thoroughly prepped and draped in standard orthopedic fashion. Once that was done,universal protocol of a time-out was taken to confirm that the left lower extremity was the correctoperative site. Once that was done, 3 liters of lactated Ringer's laced with bacitracin was used for bothmedial and lateral wounds. Any nonviable or necrotic subcutaneous tissue was debrided down from both wounds. There was not an excessive amount of bleeding, and the wounds were closed with interruptedsubcutaneous 2-0 Vicryl for the subcutaneous layer and a running 4-0 V-Loc for the skin. Wounds werethen dressed with Steri-Strips, Xeroform, 4 x 4s and Ace wrap. Xeroform was also placed around the pinsites for the external fixator which was also prepped out from the procedure. The patient was also noted tohave some fracture blisters and several abrasions to the skin. Once the leg was dressed, the patient wasextubated and transferred to postanesthesia recovery unit in stable condition. All sponge and sharp countswere correct.
Jervis accepts all major bank credit cards, including those issued by Northern Bank (NB), which assesses a 3% charge on sales for using its card. On June 28, Jervis had $3,500 in NB Card credit sales. What entry should Jervis make on June 28 to record the deposit?
Read this excerpt for use in writing your essay. You will have a total of 75 minutes to read the excerpt and write your essay. (90 Minutes Total from Start of Honorlock) From William Deresiewicz's "The Disadvantages of an Elite Education" (The American Scholar, 2008): "Being an intellectual is not the same as being smart. Being an intellectual means more than doing your homework.  If so few kids come to college understanding this, it is no wonder.  They are products of a system that rarely asked them to think about something bigger than the next assignment.  The system forgot to teach them, along the way to prestige admissions and lucrative jobs, that the most important achievements can't be measured by a letter or a number or a name.  It forgot that the true purpose of education is to make minds, not careers."   Essay Prompt: Compare, Contrast, Reflect In an essay, discuss the author's assertion about the true purpose of education.  Consider what skills you think students might be expected to learn in college to prepare them to enter the workforce. Compare and contrast these skills with what a student can take away from the college experience as a whole.   Finally, reflect upon what you hope to take away from your dental hygiene educational experience, as well as your own level of preparedness for dental hygiene based on your prior education. In what ways did your previous college and life experiences prepare you for a rigorous, professional course of study in dental hygiene?
Peristaltic waves are
Which action will the emergency department nurse anticipate for a patient diagnosed with a concussion who did not lose consciousness?
The technique that microbiologists use to prevent contamination of media, culture, themselves, and the surrounding environment is
Which of the following is true for the structure of arteries?
________ are organizations created for the purpose of winning elections and governing once in office.
In his transformation experiments, what did Griffith observe? A) Mixing a heat-killed pathogenic strain of bacteria with a living nonpathogenic strain can convert some of the living cells into the pathogenic form. B) Mixing a heat-killed nonpathogenic strain of bacteria with a living pathogenic strain makes the pathogenic strain nonpathogenic. C) Infecting mice with nonpathogenic strains of bacteria makes them resistant to pathogenic strains. D) Mice infected with a pathogenic strain of bacteria can spread the infection to other mice.
Based on the model of the P cycle below, calculate the storage of P in the ocean sediments (Part D).
The structures in the oral region that are closest to the tongue are called:
Does the summary provided suggest a qualitative or quantitative study?
Which spelling is correct for the word that refers to "a sweetened substance made from cacao seeds?"
Solve the problem.The number of telephone calls made each day in one apartment building is given by the following data: 10, 8, 7, 27, 10, 28, 47, 38, 38.  Find the:  a) meanb) medianc) mode number of calls.
Which of the following statements is true about the ideal gas law?
Which statement regarding vasopressin or ADH is FALSE?
23.16 CLA 1, 2 Displacing of life sustaining oxygen is caused by other gases such as nitrogen or organics. An oxygen meter reading of what is considered dangerous?
The figure above represents DNA replication in E. coli. The darkest portions of nucleic acids are newly synthesized DNA, mid-shaded portions represent templates and the lightest portions were synthesized "1st". Use this figure to answer the question below. Which of the following best describes the position or structure located near #1? Select all that apply.
Bisexuality means being attracted exclusively to the opposite sex.
