Consider the following characteristics of a cache memory system:  Addresses are 32 bits. The memory is byte addressable. The CPU accesses 4-byte words. Blocks have 32 bytes. The cache is 4-way set associative with 128K (131,072) sets.  Which one of the following shows the address breakdown for an efficient cache implementation having the characteristics above?
From what story is this quote? "It's not a pleasant place to be lying while the world is moving and doing and bettering... but it rather seems as though we ought to go back to the place we came from in the end."
Which of the following is correct in forming a common-size balance sheet?
In the personal sketchbook compiled by Villard de Honnecourt an early 13th century master mason, he demonstrated the value of the ars de geometria to artist.  He showed that both natural forms and buildings are based on simple geometric shapes such as the square, circle, and triangle.  When ________ architects based their designs on the art of geometry, building their forms out of abstract shapes laden with symbolic meaning, they believed they were working according to the divinely established laws of nature.
Elephants can often be observed cooling off by spraying water over their bodies with their trunks. What type of heat exchange are they promoting through this action?
A dipoid cell in the testis at the beginning of spermatogenesis (making sperm) has 6 chromosomes.  At the end of Meiosis I, how many chromosomes will each of the daughter cell have?
The Krebs cycle produces ________ ATP molecules per glucose molecule.
Identify the structure labeled 'A' that resulted from fetal circulation.
55. The nurse is to administer levothyroxine 125 mcg PO daily.  The medication on hand is 50 mcg tablets.  How many tablets will the nurse give for the dose?
The performance of classifiers is significantly better when the training set is large. If  there are only a few pots in the training set (and thus fewer patches to observe), a  method is needed to somehow boast the classifier performance for this task. One approach would be to  first train a base network on a base dataset and task, and then  repurpose the learned features to a second target network to be trained on a target dataset and task. This works  if features are general (i.e. meaning suitable to both base and target tasks, instead of specific to the base task. This process best describes _________________.
What is the net ionic equation for the reaction of acetic acid, CH3COOH, with NH3?
The corpus callosum is a band of gray matter.
What is the composition of the county commissioner's court?
Case/Scenario 1 Unit Goals: * Students will analyze the qualities of a good friend. * Students will read about a variety of friendships, from destructive to healthy, and make connections between literature and real-life experiences. * Students will write a comparative essay about the similarities and differences between healthy and destructive friendships. Project Directions: A primary assignment in Ms. Manning's friendship unit involves students responding to two texts: Give a Boy a Gun by Todd Strasser and Freak the Mighty by Rodman Philbrick. The friends in Give a Boy a Gun have a destructive relationship that culminates in a school shooting and massacre. The friends in Freak the Mighty are an unlikely pair who share a mutually rewarding friendship, even though they are very different. After reading and discussing each of the texts form a variety of perspectives and levels, the students are given an assignment to reflect on the friendships in the literature and to write a series of five to seven interview questions to ask a peer and a family member about friendships - both destructive and healthy ones.  Project Assessment Criteria: Ms. Manning established the following guidelines for an exemplary comparative essay: 1. Three to four in-text citations about Freak the Mighty and Give a Boy a Gun that use quotation marks and other punctuation properly and include a page number. 2. Your interpretation of or personal connection to each in-text citation and an explanation of why you included these specific quotes. 3. Five to seven interview questions that pursue deeper, higher-level understanding of destructive and healthy friendships. 4. Conducted interviews with a family member and a peer (evidence of interview notes attached). 5. Typewritten, double-spaced, two-paragraph comparative essay. The first paragraph describes the nature of healthy friendships with details/supports from the texts and interviews. The second paragraph describes the nature of destructive friendships with details/supports from the text and interviews.  Question 1: Suggest ONE additional criterion that Ms. Manning could include in her rubric or criteria chart. Be sure to cite principles of instruction and assessment that this additional criterion would offer.   Keep in mind the unit goals and project directions. Try to keep within those constraints.
25. The fruit ripening process releases large quantities of ethylene gas.
The primary teeth are classified in the Universal/National Teeth-Numbering System using:
Which of the following is the correct null hypothesis for an independent-measures t test?
If I want to use a virus as vector of a gene, what process of DNS transmission should I consider?
Following cardiac arrest, patients might receive sodium bicarbonate for which of the following conditions?
You own 90 shares of a stock. They declare a 5 for 2 split.  How many shares do you have after the Split? Round to 2 places to the right of decimal. Number only, no words
