Emerson Props LLC ("EPL") is a large props company formed in 1957, and Flags USA Corporation is a small, local flag manufacturer formed in 2015. These two businesses never had any dealings with each other until they recently entered a contract, with terms all drafted by EPL. The contract provides that EPL shall purchase 1,000 flags that Flags USA will specially design for EPL. The contract further provides that EPL has the right to initiate, on a weekly basis, purchase orders of up to 100 flags until the contract's total number of flag purchases - 1,000 flags - has been met. Also, the contract includes a clause stating that EPL can cancel its entire obligation as to the remaining flags at any time if any Flags USA shipment do not arrive on the exact day as stated in a particular purchase order; this last provision is included in the contract even though time was of little importance to EPL. The first shipment of 100 flags arrives a day late, and EPL decides to cancel the entire remainder of flags due, leaving Flags USA with 900 flags displaying Robert Emerson's face. Flags USA does not have a secondary market in which to sell these flags and decides to offer EPL the flags at 30% of the initial price. What is Flags USA's best claim to enforce the original contract?
A two-year-old is admitted to a burn unit with partial and full-thickness burns over 35% of the body.  After admission assessment and review of the physician's orders, what would the priority nursing intervention be?
Aluminum has three valence electrons. How will it most likely achieve an octet of electrons?
The Le Dynasty of Vietnam favored what kind of scholars at court?
Occasionally, chromosomes fail to separate during meiosis, leading to daughter cells that have an abnormal number of chromosomes. This phenomenon is called
Calculate the mass of 5.0 mol of iron (II) sulfide.
The speed of sound is measured to be [s4] m/s on a certain day. What is this in km/h?
A team of researchers wishes to study the relationship between caffeine consumption and blood pressure. For the study, 150 individuals are selected to have their blood pressure tested and report caffeine levels.  Their blood pressure is measured and they are asked to report their caffeine consumption again in 6 months, and the results are compared to search for a trend.  This is an example of:
What happens when Gwendolen and Cecily first meet each other?
Match the term on the left with its definition on the right.
What is the most APPROPRIATE term for "this"?   This is another security layer, an additional network between the external network and your protected internal network. If an attacker successfully breaks into the outer reaches of your firewall, this offers an extra layer of protection between that attacker and your internal systems.
Which of the following describes a positive coagulase test?
Which position would most likely use 1 Timothy 4:10 to support its arguments? ("...who is the Savior of all men, specially of them that believe")
Without proper ID to show who I was, I could not cash my check nowhere, and I had no money to pay seriously overdue bills.
Natural wilderness should be protected as is, regardless of the needs of humans, is an example of the ________ point of view.
The following table lists the birth weights (in pounds), x, and the lengths (in inches), y, for a set of newborn babies at a local hospital.      Birth Weight 5 3 8 6 9 7 7 6 6 10   Length 16 15 18 19 19 18 20 17 15 21      The scatter plot of the data shows ____________
Which of the following physiological findings is NOT expected with hypothermia?
The nurse is reviewing the laboratory results for newly admitted patients on the cardiovascular unit. Which laboratory result is most important to communicate rapidly to the health care provider?
In the kidney, the area that is indented where the ureter and other tissues join the kidney is named the:
The nurse is caring for a patient with hypokalemia. Which clinical manifestations can the nurse expect to find upon assessment? (Select all that apply.)
