State the order of the DE:  t5y'''-tsin(t)y''+2y=0{"version":"1.1","math":"t5y'''-tsin(t)y''+2y=0"}
A cell produces proteins when ribosomes (a complex of mostly RNA and some protein) and transfer RNA (tRNA) work together. Specific amino acids are brought by tRNA into the ribosome, where they are very rapidly connected by covalent peptide bonds. Completed proteins exit the ribosome, leaving the ribosome unchanged and ready for further rounds of protein synthesis. Thus, during protein synthesis, ribosomes are acting as
Under the concept of Parallel Accounting, which one of the following would possibly be a reason for creating a Non-leading Ledger?
What was the first stage of the four stage hypothesis for the origin of life?
The history of the modern occupational safety movement began with:
This composer's life spanned the post-Civil War years much of World War I. His music embraced aspects of African-American popular heritage, as well as elements from his formal musical training
A population is known to be normally distributed with a mean of 50 and a standard deviation of 10.  If you plan to collect 30 measurements from the population what is the largest value you expect to see?
Three charges are arranged as shown below, arranged around a position marked with an "x." One +25 nC charge is 0.03 m above the x, one +25 nC charge is 0.03 m below the x, and one +50 nC charge is 0.03 m to the left of the x. Be sure to consider whether your answer for each part of this question should be a vector or a scalar.     Find the electric potential at the x. [4] Find the electric field at the x. [5] If a +10 nC charge with a mass of 0.01 kg is placed at the x and then released, find its initial acceleration at the moment it is released. [5] If a +10 nC charge with a mass of 0.01 kg is placed at the x and then released, find its final speed when it is infinitely far away from the other charges. [5]
After the Jurchen invasion, where did the Southern Song Dynasty build its capital?
If the direct rate is lower in the forward market than the spot market, then the foreign currency trades at premium in the forward market.
An overhead garage door has two springs, one on each side of the door. A force of 16 pounds is required to stretch each spring 1 foot. Because of the pulley system, the springs stretch only one-half the distance the door travels. The door moves a total of 16 feet and springs are at their natural length when the door is open. Find the work done by pair of strings.
Terms such as reduced fat on a jar of peanut butter do not mean anything, because there is no standard for what reduced is being compared with.
Eric has worked full-time for a large manufacturing company for over three years. Eric and his wife have recently adopted a baby, and Eric wants to take time off from work to care for the child. Which one of the following laws most likely applies to Eric's situation?
A disability is a condition caused by an accident, trauma, genetics, or disease, which may limit a person's mobility, hearing, vision, speech, or mental function.
32. "All in the blue unclouded weather/Thick-jewell'd shone the saddle leather" is an example of what literary device in "The Lady of Shalott"?
What was a major limitation of the GI Bill of Rights of 1944?
Which of the following would be considered part of critical thinking?
Please remember to CamScan your answers for Section B and Section C  into a single pdf document. You will need to click submit in this quiz and then  the SBA002 Upload Quiz will open automatically.      (Once that quiz is open you get 30 minutes to upload)
When one-month-old Mai is sleeping, it often looks like she is smiling. This is an example of a _____ smile.
The client is going home after day surgery for a hydrocele.  What information should the nurse be sure to teach this client?
