Imagine you are sitting in the CALT atrium eating lunch.  You overhear two students at an adjacent table talking about how hard their chemistry class is and how tough their teacher grades.  One of them clearly has a growth mindset and the other has a fixed mindset. Write one example of what you hear each of them say.  Start each part of your answer with "Growth" or "Fixed".
Kyle is in an argument with Tim. In Kyle's argument, he is seeking information that affirms his position, but ignores any information that may support Tim's argument or refute his own claim.   Which bias is best reflected in Kyle's actions?
Bobby is a first grader who has been working with a speech and language pathologist for six months. He tends to substitute, omit, or distort words in his speech.  What type of disorder is Bobby experiencing?
Holding other factors constant, legislation to cut taxes in an open economy will
A 300-kg bear grasping a vertical tree slides down at constant velocity. The friction force between the tree and the bear is
1.9   On a domestic flight, a .... is most likely to be confiscated from a passenger at the security control point.    (1)
About 25 of the 92 natural elements are known to be essential to life. Which 4 of these 25 elements make up approximately 96% of living matter?
Most gastric ulcers are due to excessive stress.
What is the propranalol (beta blocker drug) blocking?
Rhett contributes a piece of equipment that he had used in trade or business for the last six months to Jack, Inc. in exchange for a 20 percent ownership interest. Which of the following is true regarding the holding period of the equipment in the hands of Jack, Inc.?
Which process in eukaryotic cells will normally proceed whether O2 is present or absent?
NPA means "no party announcement"
The most commonly cited measure of inflation in the United States is:
Which of the following is NOT true regarding pulmonary trunk?
Consider an ON-center receptive field.  The number of action potentials would be greatest if....
Someone can be liable for negligence without causing anyone any damages.
Suppose that there is a linear relationship between the variables x and y.  If the coefficient of determination is 0.7, then 70% of the variation in the response variable is explained by the regression.
A peptide bond forms between a(n) _______ group on one molecule and a(n) _______ group on the other molecule.
If a patient cannot swallow, they must be fed with a tube.  Name the 2 most common types, use abbreviations.
ENTER YOUR ANSWER TO THIS QUESTION ON THE FORMATTED ANSWER SHEET LINKED IN THE EXAM DIRECTIONS. Show your work and draw a box around your answer. Consider the following reaction:     H2 (g)   +   O2 (g)    -------->  H2O2 (g)                  DHdeg = -153  kJ/mol   Given that the H2 bond energy is 432 kJ/mol, the O2 bond energy is 495 kJ/mol, and the OH bond energy is 467 kJ/mol, calculate the bond energy for the oxygen-oxygen single bond in H2O2  in kJ/mol.
