QUESTION 1     Peter is a professional driver for a water purification company called Vattie, he delivers water to big supermarkets all over South Africa. The company told Peter that he will be driving a new truck on his next trip from Johannesburg to Nelspruit. (Remember :1Kl=1000 L)     1.1   Peter did some research on this new truck and found that it has a capacity of 5kl.             1.1.1    What is the capacity that Peter is referring to?   (2)         1.1.2    What is the capacity of the truck in litres?   (2)         1.2   The trip from Johannesburg to Nelspruit is 34 070 000 cm.             1.2.1    What is the appropriate unit of measurement to represent the distance of the trip?   (2)         1.2.2    Convert the distance of the trip from Johannesburg to Nelspruit into the unit of               measurement you choose in 1.2.1   (2)         1.3   During the research, Peter also found out the back of the truck has a cooling system that keeps the water at the correct temperature during the trip.             1.3.1    Peter saw that the cooling system is set at 36 degrees Fahrenheit. What is the measurement unit of temperature that is used in South Africa    (1)         1.3.2    Covert the temperature of the cooling system into Celsius if @C=(@F-32) x1.8   (2)         1.4   Calculate at what speed Peter drove at if it took him 4 hours to travel from Johannesburg to Nelspruit. Speed= distance/ time     (3)     1.5   If Peter takes a 30 min break every hour how long will the trip be in total?   (3)
Aristotle believed the stars and planets revolved around the
What is the The Central Dogma in biology?
The client who just had cataract removal complains of nausea and severe pain in the operative eye. Which action is the priority in this client's plan of care?
In a job-order costing system, which of the following events would trigger recording data on a job cost sheet?
There is a 20 point penalty for plagiarism.
You observe a cell that has a receptor protein that binds a signaling molecule that is produced by the same cell. What kind of signaling is occurring in this cell?
sin 5p3{"version":"1.1","math":"sin 5p3"}
Gene and Norma Alton are both age 65 and will retire later this year. Their financial planner evaluated their financial situation and found that the Altons are going to be approximately $100 per month short of what they need to sustain their desired lifestyle. The Altons should consider
Complements are products or services that have a potential impact on the ________ of the products or services of that company.
While preparing a client for surgery, the nurse marks the arm that is to be amputated and participates in a "time out" procedure before the surgery begins. What sentinel event should the "time out" procedure prevent?
Steven needs to write a will. His best resource is (a):
Side effects associated with monoclonal antibodies may be avoided by ________.
For this question, answer it on your work paper. In the box below, type "complete" when finished. Make sure to show all of your work. Write balanced nuclear equations for the following reactions:  Alpha decay of 22688Ra  Decay of 8938Sr by positron emission Beta decay of 7633As
Overall, what is the major disadvantage associated with the use of public relations and publicity?
Which type of medication is used to prevent a disease?
What is the concentration (in M) of a NaOH solution that required {V} mL to neutralize {m} g of KHP (C8H5KO4) (FW 204.22 g/mol) that was dissolved in 25.0 mL of water (5 points)
An electron, moving west, enters a magnetic field. Because of this field the electron curves upward. We may conclude that the magnetic field must have a component
What flagellar arrangement is depicted below (polar flagella at each end)?
Place the components of the chain of infection in order starting with the causative/infectious agent and ending with the susceptible host related to influenza?
