What region is indicated?
Which mineral is composed entirely of silicon and oxygen?
Risk factors predisposing a person to TB include:1.  HIV/AIDS.2. African-American heritage3. Alcohol abuse.4. Overcrowding living conditions
For the Lewis structure showing above, what is the electron group geometry for the central atom?
Evaluate the extent to which Christian missionary efforts motivated European imperial expansion in nineteenth-century Africa. Use at least 5 of the 6 requirements that AP Free Response Section II wants you to use. You only have to use 5 of the 6 on the requirement that usually calls for using 6. Make sure your thesis is an argument that you can use evidence from the documents to prove. Be sure to pull in a piece of historical evidence that is not mentioned in the documents. Show that your conclusion shows that you have used evidence from the documents to pprove your thesis.  For at least 3 of the documents show how they back the thesis. Document 1 Source: Anne Barnard, wife of a senior British colonial official in the Cape Colony, South Africa, letter to Viscount Melville, cabinet secretary for the colonies, 1798. During our travels this morning our object was to see those humble missionaries who, sent by the Moravian Church* about seven years ago, have made great progress in converting the Africans to Christianity. I had heard much about them, and I wanted to see with my own eyes what sort of people the natives are when collected together in large settlements, such as the missions established by the fathers. Up to that point, I had only seen Africans being the servants of [White] farmers, engaged in hard work and humiliating subjection. The fathers came out to meet us in their working jackets, each man being employed in the business of his original profession--miller, smith, carpenter, and tailor. They led us into their house, which was built with their own hands five years ago. They told us that their object was to convert the Africans and make them industrious, religious, and happy. They had spent some time engaged in finding the perfect place to establish their mission: sheltered, with good soil, near water, and already settled by Africans. They procured some Africans to assist them in beginning their work, and by their treatment of them they encouraged more to hang around them. Together they built their church. *a Protestant denomination, originating from the Czech lands of Central Europe Document 2 Source: Radama I, King of Madagascar, letter to the director of the London Missionary Society in England, 1820. In the past, when I entered into a treaty with the British to end the trade of slaves from Madagascar, a missionary, Mr. David Jones, came to my kingdom as part of the British delegation that was sent here to negotiate the treaty. Mr. Jones asked where he could settle in my kingdom. After careful examination of the plan for his mission, I happily agreed. I was satisfied with his explanation that the members of your Society sought nothing other than to enlighten the spirit through conviction and to bring the truth through explanation and through the search for happiness. Therefore, I request from you gentlemen that you send to us as many missionaries from your Society as you are able to. They may be accompanied by their wives and children if they wish. Until then, while you are making this possible, please send British workmen with craft skills. Document 3 Source: Samuel Ajayi Crowther, Nigerian former slave who became a member of the English Church Missionary Society (CMS), letter to CMS leader Henry Venn, describing a missionary expedition to West Africa, 1854. You will, I doubt not, be glad to hear that we have returned from our voyage on the Niger River in good health and spirits. The reception we met with all along, from the kings and chiefs of the countries we visited, was beyond expectation. In many places, having found this favorable state of things, I took the step of securing a parcel of ground from the rulers on which to build future mission stations. I believe the time has come when Christianity must be introduced on the banks of the Niger. The people are willing to receive any missionaries who may be sent to them. And God has provided instruments to begin this work, namely the liberated Africans in the colony of Sierra Leone,* most of whom, myself included, are natives of the banks of the Niger. It takes great effect when those liberated Christians from Sierra Leone sit down with their heathen countrymen and speak with contempt of their own former superstitious practices, all of which the missionary now can tell them he has found to be based on foolishness and ignorance. Let such persons be employed as missionaries or Christian settlers, and they will gradually introduce their children into the country, who in the course of time will be able to carry on the work more effectively. *Sierra Leone, in West Africa, was a colonial territory established by Great Britain to resettle former African slaves liberated by the Royal Navy after 1807, when the slave trade was abolished in Britain. Document 4 Source: Gwayi Tyamzashe, African convert to Christianity, minister and missionary for the Scottish United Free Church, "Life at the Diamond Fields," article in a newspaper published by the Lovedale Missionary Institute, South Africa, 1874. When I first arrived at the Kimberly mine* two years ago, I observed that nearly every evening was devoted to private and public amusements, insomuch that there seemed no room for preaching the Gospel. The life of both colored and whites was so rough that I thought this place was only good for those who were resolved to sell their souls for silver, gold, and precious stones. But in only two years there has been a wonderful change in the moral condition of the diamond fields. The invincible power of the Gospel has made itself felt in the hearts of many, so that now there are two opposite forces acting against each other whereas before there was only one--namely the evil influence of worldly temptation--seemed to be the ruling power here. Now, instead of the bustle and confusion of the early years, we have that quietude and security of life and property that is characteristic of proper legislation and good government, and in which the great work we had come here to do may finally start to bear fruit. *a major diamond deposit in South Africa, discovered in the late 1860s Document 5 Source: "The White Fathers of Cardinal Lavigerie,"* page in a French textbook illustrating various aspects of the French colonial empire, circa 1880. The White Fathers of Cardinal La... Dascher, G. (19th century) Credit: Private Collection Archives Charmet/Bridgeman Images *The White Fathers were a French missionary society established in 1868 to spread Christianity in French African colonies. Document 6 Source: Marine and Overseas Ministry of Portugal, instructions to Bishop Antonio Jose de Souza Barroso, Portuguese Catholic Bishop of Mozambique, 1896. All missions in Mozambique must assume the character of national institutions and are always obligated to: pledge their subordination to the Bishop of Mozambique; use and teach the Portuguese language; have the Portuguese flag hoisted at the center of the Mission's building, court, or enclosure; defend of the rights of Portuguese sovereignty, both in their Christian propaganda and in exercising their missionary functions; render all their assistance to the Portuguese colonial authorities, and be subordinate to these authorities.
In Java, output to the standard output device is accomplished by using the standard output object ____.
Credibility created during the course of the speech is known as what?
Polysaccharides that cannot be digested by human digestive enzymes and therefore cannot be absorbed are called:
10. [ArrowTeal] 11. [RedCircle] 12. [Hole]
Another name for hyperthyroidism is Grave's Disease.
Risers Inc. reported total assets of $2,400,000 and net income of $320,000 for the current year. Risers determined that inventory was overstated by $24,000 at the beginning of the year (this was not corrected). What is the corrected amount for total assets and net income for the year?
Another term for rhinorrhagia is
Ordering the steps of the algorithm. Order the steps (1-3) to correctly output the minimum of x and y.  1. Output the maximum    2. if (y>max)         max = y   3. max  = x
Which of the following statements regarding an intoxicated patient is correct?
How many strongly connected components are on the digraph whose connection matrix is shown? 0   1    0     0    1 1    0    0    0    0 0    0    0    0    0 0    0    1    0    0 0    0    0    0    0
Name the cell type that helps form the Blood Brain Barrier.
Find the differential dy of the function:
Which route(s) enable(s) drug absorption more rapidly than the subcutaneous route? (Select all that apply.)
Market Value Ratios Val's Volleyball Supply's market-to-book ratio is currently 3.33 times and PE ratio is 5.53 times. If Val's Volleyball Supply's common stock is currently selling at $9.90 per share, what is the book value per share and earnings per share? (Round your answer to 2 decimal places.)
Which aspect of the definition of happiness gives the impression that it is a long-term state rather than a brief mood that we experience from time to time?
