Read the following passage from "What Is the Nature of Learning?"  Then, based on your reading of the passage, choose the most appropriate answer to the question that follows the passage. You may be asked other questions about the same passage. What Is the Nature of Learning? To begin with, it is important to recognize that learning is work. Sometimes it is easy and sometimes it is difficult, but there is always work involved. For many years people made the error of assuming that learning was a passive activity that involved little more than just absorbing information. Learning was thought to be a lot like copying and pasting words in a document; the student's mind was blank and ready for an instructor to teach them facts that they could quickly take in. As it turns out, learning is much more than that. In fact, at its most rudimentary level, it is an actual process that physically changes our brains. Even something as simple as learning the meaning of a new word requires the physical alteration of neurons and the creation of new paths to receptors. These new electrochemical pathways are formed and strengthened as we utilize, practice, or remember what we have learned. If the new skill or knowledge is used in conjunction with other things we have already learned, completely different sections of the brain, our nerves, or our muscles may be tied in as a part of the process. A good example of this would be studying a painting or drawing that depicts a scene from a story or play you are already familiar with. Adding additional connections, memories, and mental associations to things you already know something about expands your knowledge and understanding in a way that cannot be reversed. In essence, it can be said that every time we learn something new we are no longer the same. In addition to the physical transformation that takes place during learning, there are also a number of other factors that can influence how easy or how difficult learning something can be. While most people would assume that the ease or difficulty would really depend on what is being learned, there are actually several other factors that play a greater role. In fact, research has shown that one of the most influential factors in learning is a clear understanding about learning itself. This is not to say that you need to become neuroscientists in order to do well in school, but instead, knowing a thing or two about learning and how we learn in general can have strong, positive results for your own learning. This is called metacognition (i.e., thinking about thinking). Some of the benefits to how we learn can be broken down into different areas such as  attitude and motivation toward learning, types of learning, methods of learning, and your own preferences for learning.  Attribution:Access for free at https://openstax.org/books/college-success/pages/1-introduction Taken from Baldwin, Amy. "2-1 The Power to Learn." College Success, OpenStax, 2020. https://openstax.org/books/college-success/pages/2-1-the-power-to-learn QUESTION:  When singers who do not speak English are taught to memorize the sounds of words in the proper order, they are really practicing ___________________.
Buffy is having lunch with her friend Willow when Willow starts commenting on all the negative publicity that Buffy's organization has received lately. Buffy proceeds to explain to her friend that this publicity is based on inaccurate information and is not really representative of her organization. Buffy is displaying which component of organizational citizenship behavior?
Which cell part has long cylindrical protrusions that rotate to provide mobility
A college student consumes 45% of calories from carbohydrates, 25% from fat, and 30% from protein.  What can be said about this student's protein intake?
What vein carries blood back to the heart from the lower half of the body?
Identify the structure at "D". Be specific.
The Etruscans shared a common linguistic heritage and religious beliefs to the Greeks and Romans. Choose from the following which best fits their culture.
The skeletal system is subdivided into the __________ skeleton.
The black codes were laws passed by the Radical Reconstruction governments to give equal rights to former slaves.
1.5   A large group of people who inhabit a specific territory and are connected by history, culture, or another commonality.   (1)     A.   Sovereign state         B.   State         C.   Nation         D.   Nation State
Ms. Walters has her class do a discussion in which a small group of 6-8 students has a conversation while seated in a circle, with a larger group of observers sitting in an outer circle. This is referred to as a
Natural selection varies the shape of the beaks among Darwin's finches in response to:
Identify the vessel at Arrow E.
Votes in the Electoral College are solely determined based on the population of the state.
This specimen belongs to the Phylum ________
A/B testing in the context of causal analysis is
FIO2 is delivered to a patients alveoli when the patient breathes in. What factors can affect the FIO2 concentration to vary to the patients alveoli? Select all that apply.
Rudyard Corporation had 100,000 shares of common stock and 10,000 shares of 8%, $100 par convertible preferred stock outstanding during the year. Net income for the year was $400,000 and dividends were paid to both common and preferred shareholders. Rudyard's effective tax rate is 25%.Each share of preferred stock is convertible into five shares of common stock. What is Rudyard's diluted EPS (rounded)?
Bonus question For the following reaction sequence, which molecule is expected as the major product?
ODS is abbreviated as Operational Data Store and it is a repository of future analytical data rather than short term trend data.
