Which of the following foods is low in sodium?
You have 75 minutes to complete your exam. Use the "Preview" button (looks like a page of text with a magnifying glass) next to the hyperlinked text to view the exam questions and formula sheet. You WILL NOT be able to download and open the PDF file of the exam while in HonorLock! Write out answers with paper and pen or pencil, showing all work clearly. Once all problems are completed, then and only then show each page to the webcam. Once you have showed each page to the camera, pick up your phone, take a photo of each page, and complete your submission to GradeScope. AFTER completing your GradeScope submission click the "submit" button at the bottom of this page to exit the exam in Canvas/HonorLock. To access a calculator during the exam, click here:  https://www.desmos.com/scientific (Links to an external site.) Use the small "preview" button to the right of the hyperlinked text to access the exam: Midterm 2 Ch 4 and 5 Version D.pdf
(For all students) The figure below shows a rigid rod, mass m, length 2L, and moment of inertia IG, supported in a guide at one end. The bar is attached to a spring of stiffness k at that end. Use the generalized coordinates xG (the x location of the center of mass of the bar), yG (the y location of the center of mass of the bar), and q  (the angular rotation of the bar from vertical). Assume the spring is unstretched when xG = 0 and q = 0. Find  the constraint equation the coefficient(s) of the Lagrange multiplier(s) Indicate how these are used in Lagrange's equations of motion for the generalized coordinates xG, yG, and q.
Comparative advertising is least likely to be effective when:
The recommended initial intervention for skull asymmetry is:
Where is the brachioradialis?
Setting a deadline for starting a task can help you:
The body of the speech is about 65-75% of the entire speech time.
Periodic Table Common Ions When a liquid is heated to its boiling point, it begins changing to the gas phase because
Which heart defect and hemodynamic change pairing is correct?
What was the first "television war"?
Which of the following defines a genome?
The patient who received a first dose of an opioid drug is not arousable and has an oxygen saturation of 88% (five percentage points lower than his or her normal saturation) even when fully awake.  What is your best next action?
The following code prints "HELLO!" to the console? public class Test { public static void main(String[] args) {     String a = "Hello!";    makeUpper(a);    System.out.println(a); } public static void makeUpper(String b) {    b = b.toUpperCase(); }}
Which general term refers to the gathering of electronic evidence?
The brain contains billions of specialized nerve cells called synapses.
Several bones are closely associated with the skull, but not considered part of it. Select the accurate statements about them. Check all that apply. A) The auditoryossicles are named the malleus, incus, and stapes. B) Forensicpathologists look for a fractured hyoid as evidence of strangulation. C) The hyoid boneserves for attachment of several muscles that control the maxilla, tongue, andlarynx. D) The hyoid is oneof the few bones that does not articulate with any other. E) There are three auditory ossicles in each middle-ear cavity and the hyoid bone beneath the chin.
What do you use to detect positive results for any of the biochemistry experiments (the generic term, not the specific material)?
According to the 'Intermediate Disturbance Hypothesis', a community that is chronically disturbed would have very few species, and all of those species would be 'r-selected'.
You measure the pH of an unknown solution.  The solution is a base if:
