Which of the following is not a main focus of sourcers during the line review process?
Which two Old Testament people were with Jesus during his Transfiguration?
Instructions: The paragraphs of the following essay have been scrambled so that they are out of order. Read them and then answer the questions that follow. Evaluating a Web Site               (1) Next, find out more about the person or people who created the web site. (2) Scroll down to the bottom of the page to look for the author's name, or click on links such as "About Us," "Biography," or "Who Am I?" (3) These links will usually lead to more information about the individual or organization responsible. (4) Look for details about the author's credentials. (5) Is he or she an expert, with education, training, or experience in the subject matter? (6) If no information about the site's creator is provided or if that person offers no proof of authority, the information may not be reliable. (7) Remember that anyone can create an Internet web site; therefore, researchers should verify that the person who posted the information knows what he or she is talking about.               (8) First, begin by examining the URL, or Internet address, of the web site. (9) In particular, examine the last three letters of the address, which reveal the domain of a site as an educational institution, government agency, nonprofit organization, or commercial company. (10) Usually, the first three types of domains, which end in .edu, .gov, .mil, .us, and .org, tend to be reliable sources of information. (11) The primary purpose of sites that end in .com, on the other hand, may be to persuade viewers to buy something rather than provide them with accurate, unbiased information. (12) A .com web site could also be someone's personal web site, which may or may not offer reliable information.               (13) Using this procedure helps researchers get their facts straight. (14) Mining the Internet for information will almost always produce gold, but finding that gold often requires sifting through and discarding worthless rocks.               (15) Finally, in addition to finding out more about the site's creator, look for a few other indicators of quality information. (16) The date the page was last updated, for example, should be fairly recent. (17) In addition, note whether the author mentions the sources of his or her information. (18) Sources that are documented with footnotes or links, especially if they refer to scholarly or academic journals and books, are usually more reputable. (19) Also, don't forget to notice the overall look of the site. (20) Is the page crowded with advertisements? (21) If so, its main purpose may be selling rather than informing. (22) Is the text filled with grammatical or spelling errors? (23) These kinds of mistakes may indicate untrustworthy information.               (24) The Internet offers millions of web sites; however, they're not all created equal.  (25) Some of them contain accurate information, and some contain only opinions, inaccurate information, or information that's been manipulated in some way. (26) Therefore, people who use a search engine to look for web sites about a particular topic need to know how to distinguish a credible web site from a dud. (27) To evaluate the trustworthiness of a web site, online researchers can use a three-step procedure. What are the three transitional expressions that help show the relationships between the three body paragraphs?
Which of the following dyes is used to establish patency of the fallopian tubes?
[2B] This question is based on question 2. Determine the z-component of the angular momentum.  Give you answer in units of
A sucrose (C12H22O11, MM = 342.3 g/mol) solution was created by dissolving 60.0 grams of sucrose in 1500.0 mL of water (density = 1 g/mL). (1 point) A) Identify the solute and the solvent in this solution. (3 points each for the following) A) What is the molality of this solution? B) What is the percent sucrose of this solution? C) What is the concentration of this solution expressed as ppm?
Lacteals are located in __________ and transport __________.
Write a sentence that describe two items that you can find in this particular room: ma chambre
DNA nitrogenous bases join together in pairs to form a helix. Which ones pair up together?
Which of the following would you have to do if you wanted to increase your endurance?
Optimal moisturization is necessary in patients with atopic dermititis, since restoring skin hydration is the most important step in breaking the itch-scratch cycle. The use of emollients will enhance the absorption and effectiveness of topical corticosteroids.  Which of the following is a good choice for an emollient? petroleum jelly
There are multiple types of inhalation injuries. The AG-ACNP must maintain a high index of suspicion for airway injury in persons exposed to ambient chemicals, fire, explosions, and the like. Common clinical manifestations of thermal airway injury may include:
If an educational official ensures a decision to hold a student back one grade is based on results of multiple tests, which one of the following American Psychological Association recommendations for ensuring meaningful assessment is the official demonstrating?
The most common causes of vocal disorders is the
QUESTION #2 (COLLEGE-LEVEL SPANISH INSTRUCTION, DRA. SOCARRAS) Application question: Analyze the Spanish class presented in the case study, according to the following topics.    Methodology/ approaches Theoretical assumption of the teacher (empiricist or rationalist) Task sequencing (Brandl, 2008): Input, assimilation, and task Role of the instructor and learners Role of L1 versus L2 Role and type of feedback (explicit versus implicit) Proficiency outcome prediction in terms of oral production, e.g., what learners would be able to produce at the end of the semester, if classes continue in this fashion.    Support all your answers with the content of the readings and discussions carried on in class and specific examples from the case study. For example, it is not enough to say the teacher is an empiricist, you need to define "empiricist" and then give evidence from the case study supporting the characteristics of this theoretical posture.   CASE STUDY: Spanish class PHASE I Teacher:            -Buenos dias. ?Como estan, bien? Bueno, hoy vamos a hablar de *la familia, la familia, ?si?  (Says, as he writes "familia" on the board). Vamos a hacer una Lluvia de ideas sobre la familia.  A ver. ?Quien me puede decir una palabra que describa a la familia? ?Recuerdan los adjetivos? Peter:                Importante. Teacher:            Muy bien, Peter. (Teacher says as he writes down the word on the board). Joy:                  Divertidou, muchous. (She says laughing). Teacher:            Es divertiDA y hay muchAS personas. ?Si? (Teacher says as he writes down the words on the board; student smiles, nodding.  After five or six more answers, the teacher says as he opens a power point presentation with pictures of his Puerto Rican family). Esta es mi familia. Tengo una familia muy grande (Opens arms to indicate how big his family is). Hay muchas personas en mi familia.  John, ?como es tu familia, grande o pequena?- John:                 -No se, huge!.- Teacher:            -Oh, es muy grande, John. (John nods) Bien, a ver... Susan, ?y tu familia, es grande o pequena?- Susan:               -Familia.- Teacher:            -Bien. Vamos a ver mas fotos.  Este es mi papa y esta es mi mama (Says pointing to his father and mother in the picture). Estos son mis siete hermanos. !Si, somos ocho hijos! (Shows 8 fingers to indicate eight; students open their eyes in reaction to the size of the family).  Tambien tengo quince tios, ocho maternos, por el lado de mi mama, y siete paternos, por el lado de mi papa (says as he points family members on the picture). En esta foto esta toda mi familia junta (makes gestures to indicate "together") en la cena de Nochebuena. ?Ven a mis abuelitos? (Pointing to the grandparents on the picture) !En esta cena habia cincuenta personas en la mesa! Muchas personas, ?si??Preguntas?- Kate:                 -What is "sin cuuueeenta"?- Teacher:            -?Cincuenta? Es un numero: diez, veinte, treinta, cuarenta y cincuenta. Kate:                 -Oh, fifty! Gracias. Teacher:            -Si, muy bien, cincuenta.- PHASE II Teacher:             -Muy bien. ?Mas preguntas? ?no? Ahora Uds. Van a hablar de su familia con un companero de clase. A ver, a trabajar en parejas (Shows two fingers to indicate "pairs" and passes a worksheet titled: Una descripcion de mi familia). Bien, tienen diez minutos para escribir 5 oraciones describiendo a su familia.- (Teacher says, showing five with his hand. He walks around answering questions; students seem somewhat lost; after ten minutes instructor calls for volunteers). PHASE III Kate:                 -Mi familia esta laarga. Pedro's familia esta pecueniia.- Teacher:            -Gracias Kate, entonces, tu familia es grande pero la familia de Pedro es pequena (States using gestures to indicate the two sizes). A ver... un poco mas de detalles. ?Tienes hermanos?- Kate:                 -Si, tengou cin cuuenta jermanous.- Teacher:            -!Cincuenta! (Says as he writes fifty on the board) Kate:                 -!Oh, no! Tengou cincou jermanos. Lo sientou.- Teacher:            - Bien Kate. ?Puedes repetir: Tengo cinco hermanos? Recuerda que la hache no suena en espanol. (Says pointing to the letter on the board) Kate:                 Oh, si, lo sientou. Tengou cincou hermanos.- (Says smiling). Teacher:            -Mucho mejor Kate, gracias. ?Y tu Joe, tienes hermanos?- Joe:                   -Nou.- Teacher:            -?Y tios? ?Tienes tios y tias? (Joe shakes his head to indicate no). Bien. Otros voluntarios. (Brooks and Carla raise their hands to participate). Si, Brooks y Carla.- Brooks:             -Carla's familia esta pecuenia y mi familia... big.- Teacher:            -Gracias Brooks. Entonces, la familia de Carla es pequena y tu familia es grande, si grande. (Students nod). Recuerden clase. En espanol decimos: La familia de... Por ejemplo, la familia de los Kardashian es interesante. (Says, as he writes on the board). ?Algo mas Carla? ?Tienes primos? Carla:                -Si, muchous.- (Class continues in this fashion.  At the end of the class, teacher feels frustrated because although students seem to understand the topic, they are not producing the new vocabulary about the family presented in this lesson). *Bold in the dialogue indicates the text was pronounced with emphasis.
Which muscle is the agonist for inversion of the foot?
Polyenes work by targeting
Isaac and Derek persuaded Robert to cut school and steal alcohol from a store. Isaac and Derek provided _____ to Robert.
The nurse is providing wound care for the diabetic client with chronic venous insufficiency who has a venous ulcer.  Which of the following interventions is not appropriate?
1. ?Se fue Miriam de Cuba porque no estaba satisfecha con su vida? Justifica tu respuesta.
