FULL SOLUTION PROBLEM:  For the following question, write down the final answers here, but you must submit a full solution including Given, Find, EQU, all mathematical steps, and include units.  Work on this problem should be submitted to the Test #3 Work Submission assignment no more than 15 minutes after the completion of this test. A 1000kg 'Toyota Sadan' car is stopped at an intersection. A large 4000kg 'GMC Truck' approaches from behind with a velocity of 25m/s and finds itself on a sheet of ice, unable to slow down or change direction and collide with the car. After the collision, they become entangled.  Make a labeled sketch of this physical scenario (before and after collision) and include a table of Givens and Finds next to your sketch [1 pts]. Find the speed of the combined wreckage (car+Truck) immediately after the collision [2 pts] If the collision lasts 0.1 seconds, find the magnitude of the average force acting on the car [1 pts]. Find the kinetic energy lost if any due to this collision [1 pts.]
While assessing a client, the client tells the nurse that she is experiencing rhythmic muscle contractions when the nurse performs passive extension of her wrist. The nurse should recognize the presence of:
What structure is identified by 'A'?
What is the final volume of a 500.0 mL gas container that increased in temperature from 26.0degC to 60.0degC while the pressure increased from 1.00 atm to 1.54 atm ?
Are the two lines parallel, perpendicular, or neither?y = -13x + 30; y = (1/13) - 30
When reading volumes in glassware at what part of the liquid should you read the volume?
The amount of movement permitted by a particular joint is the basis for the functional classification of that joint.
The diagram shows a leaf cell from the green part of the leaf.                Right-click on the button to open Question 3 Picture 2 in a new tab                   3.3   Name the parts labeled A, B, and C.    (3)
Permit state to prohibit unions for requiring workers to join a union
By looking at the graph, tell what type of solution the potato plant was placed in. (What is the tonicity?)
Which of the following groups of cells is least radiosensitive?
A patient with a hemianopia has a full blindness in one of their eyes
Classical music can be thought of as music
Every member of the school board but one voted to hire the new teacher.  The dissident kept saying, "There's something about him that I just don't like."
Which of the following in a positive acute phase protein.
What is another name for the first cervical vertebra?
Brandon Jones opened Jones Lawn Care on March 1 of the current year. During March, the following transactions occurred and were recorded in the company's books:  Brandon, the sole stockholder, invested $25,000 cash in the business in exchange for common stock. Brandon contributed $100,000 of equipment to the business in exchange for common stock. The company paid $2,000 cash to rent office space for the month of March. The company received $16,000 cash for repair services provided during March. The company paid $6,200 for salaries for the month of March. The company provided $3,000 of services to customers on account. The company paid cash of $500 for utilities for the month of March. The company received $3,100 cash in advance from a customer for repair services to be provided in April. The company paid Brandon $5,000 cash as a dividend.  Based on this information, total stockholder's equity reported on the balance sheet at the end of March would be:
Why is it important to provide documentation related to the patient's level of pain?
Which of the following is CORRECTLY paired with their work?
Under the Colorado Practice Act for Physical Therapy, how many support personnel can a PTA legally supervise (not including students)?
