How many milliliters of 0.360 M H2SO4 are required to neutralize 25.0 mL of 0.100 M Ba(OH)2? H2SO4  + Ba(OH)2  ---> BaSO4 + 2H2O DO NOT INCLUDE THE UNIT IN YOUR ANSWER. (Neatly write your calculation on a scratch paper, show your work slowly on the webcam before you submit the test. Take a photo of your work, and submit it on Final Exam Work assignment on the module.)
98. The nurse is using the PLISSIT model of sexual health assessment during an interaction with a new client.  According to this model, the nurse should begin with what action?
Provide a tree structure for the following sentence.  (Partial credit will be given.)  The young men who had been unemployed were able to find high-paying positions.
10,000 ohm is the same as
In the phylogenetic tree shown previously, which letter shows the most recent common ancestor of a crab-eating fox and a cape hunting dog?
Which cell organelle modifies and packages proteins and lipids for transport into the cytoplasm or outside the cell?
Which of the following arteries supply blood to the kidney:
__________ is a high-energy molecule that can be used by all cells for various types of work.
Part Three: Identification/Explication (40 points/44max) (10 points per paragraph answer). Choose four (4) of the following passages; identify each of them by work/author, and in 5-6 sentence paragraph answers,  Up to 10 points per paragraph answer (partial credit for partial answers). For this section, write as directed about ONLY FOUR (4) of the following twelve passages. Earn up to 10 points for each paragraph answer (partial credit for partial answers).  For the four passages you select, identify each by title/author. Then, in 4-5-sentence paragraph answers, explicate the passage, explaining both its significance to the work it comes from, and  its larger historical/cultural/literary significance (including literary movement). Fill in the blanks where applicable.  Be specific and thorough.  As above, type all four of your answers in the text box below. Clearly label each paragraph answer by beginning with the selection number, as I've done below. (Please DON'T retype the original paragraph!)   #1             It didn't start out that way. The minute I walked in and the Big Bozo introduced us, I got sick to my stomach. It was one thing to be taken out of your own bed early in the morning - it was something else to be stuck in a strange place with a girl from a whole other race. And Mary, that's my mother, she was right. Every now and then she would stop dancing long enough to tell me something important and one of the things she said was that they never washed their hair and they smelled funny. Roberta sure did. Smell funny, I mean. So when the Big Bozo (nobody ever called her Mrs. Itkin, just like nobody ever said St. Bonaventure) - when she said, "Twyla, this is Roberta. Roberta, this is Twyla. Make each other welcome." I said, "My mother won't like you putting me in here."             "Good," said Bozo. "Maybe then she'll come and take you home." How's that for mean? If Roberta had laughed I would have killed her, but she didn't. She just walked over to the window and stood with her back to us.   #2 "I'm swimming across the county," Ned said. "Why, I didn't know one could," exclaimed Mrs. Halloran. "Well, I've made it from the Westerhazys'," Ned said. "That must be about four miles." He left his trunks at the deep end, walked to the shallow end, and swam this stretch. As he was pulling himself out of the water he heard Mrs. Halloran say, "We've been terribly sorry to hear about all your misfortunes, Neddy." "My misfortunes?" Ned asked. "I don't know what you mean."   #3             Nick drank the coffee, the coffee according to Hopkins. The coffee was bitter. Nick laughed. It made a good ending to the story. His mind was starting to work. He knew he could choke it because he was tired enough. He spilled the coffee out of the pot and shook the grounds loose into the fire. He lit a cigarette and went inside the tent. He took off his shoes and trousers, sitting on the blankets, rolled the shoes up inside the trousers for a pillow and got in between the blankets.      #4   So you see de Lawd's intention,   Evah sence de worl' began,Was dat His almight freedom   Should belong to evah man,But I think it would be bettah,   Ef I'd pause agin to say,Dat I'm talkin' 'bout ouah freedom   In a Bibleistic way.   #5 What sphinx of cement and aluminum bashed open their skulls and ate up their brains and imagination? Moloch! Solitude! Filth! Ugliness! Ashcans and unobtainable dollars! Children screaming under the stairways! Boys sobbing in armies! Old men weeping in the parks! Moloch! Moloch! Nightmare of Moloch! Moloch the loveless! Mental Moloch! Moloch the heavy judger of men! Moloch the incomprehensible prison! Moloch the crossbone soulless jailhouse and Congress of sorrows! Moloch whose buildings are judgment! Moloch the vast stone of war! Moloch the stunned governments!   #6      The next day the young sportsman hovered about the woods, and Sylvia kept him company, having lost her first fear of the friendly lad, who proved to be most kind and sympathetic. He told her many things about the birds and what they knew and where they lived and what they did with themselves. And he gave her a jack-knife, which she thought as great a treasure as if she were a desert-islander. All day long he did not once make her troubled or afraid except when he brought down some unsuspecting singing creature from its bough. Sylvia would have liked him vastly better without his gun; she could not understand why he killed the very birds he seemed to like so much. But as the day waned, Sylvia still watched the young man with loving admiration. She had never seen anybody so charming and delightful; the woman's heart, asleep in the child, was vaguely thrilled by a dream of love. Some premonition of that great power stirred and swayed these young creatures who traversed the solemn woodlands with soft-footed silent care. They stopped to listen to a bird's song; they pressed forward again eagerly, parting the branches -- speaking to each other rarely and in whispers; the young man going first and Sylvia following, fascinated, a few steps behind, with her gray eyes dark with excitement.   #7 Now I am a lake. A woman bends over me,Searching my reaches for what she really is.Then she turns to those liars, the candles or the moon.I see her back, and reflect it faithfully.She rewards me with tears and an agitation of hands.I am important to her. She comes and goes.Each morning it is her face that replaces the darkness.In me she has drowned a young girl, and in me an old womanRises toward her day after day, like a terrible fish.  #8 So the storm passed and everyone was happy.   #9      'Just want to catch the weather,' the host says, switching on the TV.  Most of the guests are leaving, but the Tuckers stay to watch the news.  As it comes on, the announcer is saying something about a babysitter.  The host switches channels.  'They got a better weather- man on four,' he explains.  'Wait!' says Mrs Tucker.  'There was something about a babysitter...!'  The host switches back.  'Details have not yet been released by the police,' the announcer says. 'Harry, maybe we'd better go...'     #10 "I should just like to know, _______________, whether you don't think yourself a great deal better off than those poor free negroes down by the plank road, with no kind master to look after them and no mistress to give them medicine when they 're sick and--and"---- "Well, I sh'd jes' reckon I is better off, suh, dan dem low-down free niggers, suh! Ef anybody ax 'em who dey b'long ter, dey has ter say nobody, er e'se lie erbout it. Anybody ax me who I b'longs ter, I ain' got no 'casion ter be shame' ter tell 'em, no, suh, 'deed I ain', suh!" The colonel was beaming. This was true gratitude, and his feudal heart thrilled at such appreciative homage. What cold-blooded, heartless monsters they were who would break up this blissful relationship of kindly protection on the one hand, of wise subordination and loyal dependence on the other! The colonel always became indignant at the mere thought of such wickedness.   #11 MRS. HALE: She liked the bird. She was going to bury it in that pretty box. MRS. PETERS: (in a whisper) When I was a girl-my kitten-there was a boy took a hatchet, and before my eyes-and before I could get there--(Covers her face an instant.). lf they hadn't held me back I would have-(catches herself, looks upstairs where steps are heard, falters weakly)-hurt him. MRS. HALE: (with a slow look around her) I wonder how it would seem never to have had any children around. (Pause.) No, Wright wouldn't like the bird-a thing that sang. She used to sing. He killed that. too. MRS. PETERS: (moving uneasily) We don't know who killed the bird. MRS. HALE: I knew John Wright. MRS. PETERS: It was an awful thing was done in this house that night, Mrs. Hale. Killing a man while he slept, slipping a rope around his neck that choked the life out of him. MRS. HALE: His neck. Choked the life out of him. (Her hand goes out and rests on the bird-cage.) MRS. PETERS: (with rising voice) We don't know who killed him. We don't know.   #12 I bathed in the Euphrates when dawns were young. I built my hut near the Congo and it lulled me to sleep. I looked upon the Nile and raised the pyramids above it. I heard the singing of the Mississippi when Abe Lincoln went down to New Orleans, and I've seen its muddy bosom turn all golden in the sunset
A soluble, cytosolic protein is expressed in E. coli. After centrifugation, SDS-PAGE locates the protein in the pellet. Which chemical or technique would be best to solubilize this protein?
A nurse is leading a discussion regarding contraceptive measures. Which method is considered the most reliable?
Two genes that are close together on the same chromosome are ______ likely to cross over compared to genes that are far apart.
Which is pathway is most likely for an ascending tract of the nervous system?
Which of the following chambers of the heart has the thickest myocardium?
The text characterizes employee crime as the most costly of all forms of white collar crime.
Tamponade creates a state of impaired ventricular diastolic filling. This leads to a ____________ in ventricular diastolic pressures, a ____________ in stroke volume, which leads to a _____________ in heart rate to compensate.
The rational unified process (RUP) methodology, owned by IBM, provides a framework for breaking down the development of software into four gates.
Je suis en forme! You are trying to stay healthy and get into shape! Which of the following would be part of a  healthy lifestyle?   Mark all that apply! prendre = to take/ here: to gain
Parathyroid hormone (PTH) affects calcium Directly in what ways
Margaret weighs 130 pounds and is at a healthy body weight for her height. Approximately what portion of her weight is composed of water?
