The temperature of the water in a tank is TM1 at time 1 and TM2 at time 2. The first law of thermodynamics states that the energy of a closed system is conserved. If the temperature of everything in the system except the water remains constant and TM2 isless than TM1, what can we conclude from the first law? Assume this is a closed system.
SECTION B     QUESTION 2: SUMMARY WRITING     We are facing a climate crisis, and one way we can do our part is by reducing the amount of waste going into the world. Read Text B and write a summary of 60 - 70 words about how to live a zero-waste lifestyle. Use the text box below to answer. CTRL + CLICK to open Text B in a new tab.    TEXT B        INSTRUCTIONS    1.   Your summary must be written in point form. 2.   List your SEVEN points in full sentences, using no more than 80 words. 3.   Number your sentences from 1 to 7. 4.   Write only ONE point per sentence. 5.   Use your OWN words as far as possible. 6.   Indicate the total number of words you have used in brackets at the end of your summary.
Which of the following is a technique or equipment used in neurophysiology?
How many grams are present in 99.3 moles of water?
The Dribblers new basketball coach really doesn't expect much and is convinced they will never make the playoffs. During the regular season, the coach seldom offers praise for a really outstanding play, and after a particularly bad loss, the coach is prone to make statements such as "What can you expect; the other team was really good." In response to the coach's lack of confidence, the team ends up at the bottom of their division. This situation illustrates the concept of:
An International Standard Book Number, or ISBN, consists of 10 digits, with the last digit being a check digit.  The check digit must be chosen such that the sum of the following computation must be divisible by 11:  Suppose a book has an ISBN starting with 1-8531-9006.  What must be the check digit?
A spring-mass system is undergoing a simple harmonic motion with an amplitude of 2.0 cm. The magnitude of the maximum velocity of the mass as it oscillates back and forth is 0.21 m/s. What is the angular frequency of this simple harmonic motion?
In a sequence diagram a horizontal dashed line represents what?
This Chinese philosopher believed that a state run by a wise ruling class would produce similar characteristics in its people.
Habituation followed by dishabituation provides evidence for:
Your patient has been give succinylcholine in an effort to facilitate endotracheal intubation. However, you are unable to place an endotracheal tube. You should:
Was gibt's heute im Fernsehen?
According to given data,what is the CPI? If answer is a decimal, please round to 2 decimal places. Write your solution, result and logic within the box provided here. Explain why and how you found the result
What are the 5 main gyres?
The process of forming the disaccharide sucrose from monomers requires a ______________ reaction.
What is the blue arrow pointing to on this bisected fossil?
Match the following pioneers with their "claims to fame":
Verbal consent is permitted for some procedures.
Personal protective equipment (PPE) is a device or clothing worn by a boiler operator to prevent injury.
Examine the figure above. Near a goose's abdomen, the countercurrent arrangement of the arterial and venous blood vessels causes the _____.
