Stephen, HIM coding manager, has been tracking Gina's coding productivity and quality over the past several months.  Gina has experienced increasing variances in her work performance and is not meeting the coding benchmarks in terms of productivity or quality.  Stephen has been sharing the data with Gina on a regular basis and Gina promises she will improve.  Stephen realizes that Gina's work is becoming substandard and is not meeting the coding area standard.  Stephen will need to initiate an employee _______.
Organizational culture is best defined as:
Which refers to the use of common sense concepts to eliminate waste of time, energy, material, equipment, and space in the performance of a task?
(Dr. Banda) Which is a key factor for the permanence of bovine viral diarrhea in a herd?
These structures are part of the Peripheral Nervous System (PNS):
Which of the following is the correct pH of blood?
The basics of defining and setting goals include all but which of the following:
Which of the following is true of smooth muscle only (not skeletal muscle)? (select one or more answers) (this question is comparing skeletal and smooth muscle only...do not consider cardiac muscle in this question)   increased myosin light change phosphatase induces relaxation AND calcium sensitivity can be modified by paracrines
The growth of bacteria depends on:
The first step in problem-oriented policing is:
Cephalization refers to the trend for animals with more complex body types to
The presence of antibiotics produced by a host's immune system can be used to detect a pathogen.
What is not part of Data Integration and Interoperability?
Myringoplasty is performed to close a small, nonhealing hole in the __.
Reading Skills Chapter 19 suggests three situations in which it may be helpful to skim a text. Write one of these suggested situations below. (1 point)
The Trail of Tears is the name given to the forced removal of this tribe from Georgia to Oklahoma.
Professional references may include:
According to the Dan Pink video on motivation and drive, which are the factors that drive  better motivation and performance in "thinking" professions like engineering?
Alice has been running a marathon and has only been drinking pure water. Which electrolyte imbalance is she likely to experience?
A 42-year-old house painter comes to your clinic, complaining of pain with defecation and profuse bleeding in the toilet after a bowel movement. He was in his usual state of health until 2 weeks ago, when he was injured in a car accident. After the accident he began taking prescription narcotics for the pain in his shoulder. Since then he has had very few bowel movements. His stool is hard and pebble-like. He states he has always been "regular" in the past, with easy bowel movements. His diet has not changed but he states that he is exercising less since the accident. His past medical history includes hypertension and he is on a low-dose diuretic. He has had no other chronic illnesses or surgeries. He has a family history of hypertension, coronary heart disease, and diabetes but no cancer. He is divorced and has three children. He smokes two packs of cigarettes per day and quit drinking more than 10 years ago. He has had no recent weight loss, weight gain, fever, or night sweats. On examination he appears muscular and healthy; he is afebrile. His blood pressure is 135/90 with a pulse of 80. His cardiac, lung, and abdominal examinations are normal. He is wearing a sling on his left arm. On observation of his anus you find a swollen bluish ovoid mass that appears to contain a blood clot. Digital rectal examination is extremely painful for the patient. No other mass is palpated within the anus or rectum. What disorder of the anus is this patient likely to have?
