9.  a) What is the ATP yield from one molecule of 1,3-bisphosphoglycerate undergoing glycolysis? Assume anaerobic conditions.  Briefly defend your answer.  (4 pts)        b) How many NADPH are made from 6 glucose-6-phosphates via the pentose phosphate pathway, when energy demands of the cell are low, i.e. when recycling during "Face 2" is occurring.  Briefly defend your answer.  (4 pts)        c) What is the ATP yield from the piece of glycogen shown below?  (Each circle represents a glucose.)  Briefly defend your answer with sentences or calculations.  [Hint:  Some glucose residues become free glucose while others become glucose-1-phosphate, which is isomerized to glucose-6-phosphate.]  (5 pts)
Which of the following are complementary base pairs?
The portion of the jaw that surrounds and supports the tooth is the:
Select the deficiency in a condition called osteomalacia:
The teeth that are best adapted for biting off relatively large pieces of food are the
Which of the following is/are TRUE about the solubility of dyes and pigments?
Which of the following is NOT a muscle associated with the process of ventilation (breathing)?:                 a. diaphragm                      b. external intercostals                  c. scalenes                 d. greater omentum                       e. pectoralis minor
The output from the above process in the previous question has been known to have the following distribution, with a mean of 54.   Given the results shown in the above control chart in the previous question, is there any reason to believe the process distribution has changed at all?  Please select one of the following distributions to indicate the most likely current distribution based on the control chart in the above question.  Also, EXPLAIN why you believe this is now what the process distribution looks like based on the control chart above.
The concept concerning the responsibility to ensure that all edible substances cannot cause harm is known as:
According to Hermann Ebbinghaus,
If the Gulf Stream didn't exist, what would the climate of Great Britain be?
During the postpartum period the new mother may experience an alteration in urinary elimination related to loss of bladder sensation.  Which finding would indicate this has occurred?
A protein molecule will be digested by enzymes secreted by--
What is the key unit for this filing segment:  Lietuvos Respublika (English translation:  Republic of Lithuania)?
A hypothesis test results in a P-value of 0.042. Assume all requirements for the test were met. At a significance level of 0.01 what is the proper decision?
The discovery of the city of Pompeii revived an interest in __.
Which type of shopping center is most likely to be built in the "strip" style?
Select the true statements about pediatric audiological evaluations:        1.    Parents are never a part of a child's audiological testing.        2.    Newborns are developmentally able to respond to all sounds by turning their heads toward the sound source.        3.    The audiologist chooses the most appropriate test for a child based on his/her developmental level, not their chronological age.        4.    You can condition a child to Play Audiometry by teaching him/her to look towards a speaker when a sound is presented.
Jekyll never accepts responsibility for Hyde's actions. All of the following textual evidence exists to support this claim except
Which solution is the most basic?
