Answer Test 1A
After correctly positioning a client for a urinary catheterization procedure, the nurse sets up a sterile field and places the kit supplies on the area. The nurse hears a page to respond to another client who has fallen in the hallway. Which would be the most appropriate nursing action?
Some motherboards include all necessary capabilities and do not require adapter cards.
Use this case study to answer Questions 35-37.  Isabella Reyes Casey is a 34-year-old (5'3", 165 lbs.) female. Her dad is alive and well, but Isabella's mom passed away at age 48 in a plane crash. Isabella has been smoking a pack of cigarettes a week and taking caffeine pills most days since she was 16 years old. Isabella takes beta-blockers for her high blood pressure. Your first assessment of Isabella produces the following information: heart rate = 98 bpm, BP= 110/76 mm Hg, fasting blood glucose = 112 mg/dl, total cholesterol = 145 mg/dL,  LDL = 135 mg/dl, HDL = 36 mg/dL, triglycerides =198 mg/dL, and circumference measurements: (waist 38"; hips 49"). She hates exercise with a passion. Does Isabella have metabolic syndrome?
Match the terms on the left with the terms on the right
An object is moving to the right, and experiencing a net force that is directed to the right. The magnitude of the force is decreasing with time. The speed of the object is   A) increasing. B) decreasing. C) constant in time.
30. The male reproductive structure of a flowering plant is called a(n)  ___________.
QUESTION #4 (COLLEGE-LEVEL SPANISH INSTRUCTION) Application question: Analyze the Spanish class presented in the case study, according to the following topics.    Methodology/ approaches Theoretical assumption of the teacher (empiricist or rationalist) Task sequencing (Brandl, 2008): Input, assimilation, and task Role of the instructor and learners Role of L1 versus L2 Role and type of feedback (explicit versus implicit) Proficiency outcome prediction in terms of oral production, e.g., what learners would be able to produce at the end of the semester, if classes continue in this fashion.    Support all your answers with the content of the readings and discussions carried on in class and specific examples from the case study. For example, it is not enough to say the teacher is an empiricist, you need to define "empiricist" and then give evidence from the case study supporting the characteristics of this theoretical posture.   CASE STUDY: Spanish class  PHASE I Teacher:            -Buenos dias. ?Como estan, bien? Bueno, hoy vamos a hablar de *la familia, la familia, ?si?  (Says, as he writes "familia" on the board). Vamos a hacer una Lluvia de ideas sobre la familia.  A ver. ?Quien me puede decir una palabra que describa a la familia? ?Recuerdan los adjetivos? Peter:                Importante. Teacher:            Muy bien, Peter. (Teacher says as he writes down the word on the board). Joy:                  Divertidou, muchous. (She says laughing). Teacher:            Es divertiDA y hay muchAS personas. ?Si? (Teacher says as he writes down the words on the board; student smiles, nodding.  After five or six more answers, the teacher says as he opens a power point presentation with pictures of his Puerto Rican family). Esta es mi familia. Tengo una familia muy grande (Opens arms to indicate how big his family is). Hay muchas personas en mi familia.  John, ?como es tu familia, grande o pequena?- John:                 -No se, huge!.- Teacher:            -Oh, es muy grande, John. (John nods) Bien, a ver... Susan, ?y tu familia, es grande o pequena?- Susan:               -Familia.- Teacher:            -Bien. Vamos a ver mas fotos.  Este es mi papa y esta es mi mama (Says pointing to his father and mother in the picture). Estos son mis siete hermanos. !Si, somos ocho hijos! (Shows 8 fingers to indicate eight; students open their eyes in reaction to the size of the family).  Tambien tengo quince tios, ocho maternos, por el lado de mi mama, y siete paternos, por el lado de mi papa (says as he points family members on the picture). En esta foto esta toda mi familia junta (makes gestures to indicate "together") en la cena de Nochebuena. ?Ven a mis abuelitos? (Pointing to the grandparents on the picture) !En esta cena habia cincuenta personas en la mesa! Muchas personas, ?si??Preguntas?- Kate:                 -What is "sin cuuueeenta"?- Teacher:            -?Cincuenta? Es un numero: diez, veinte, treinta, cuarenta y cincuenta. Kate:                 -Oh, fifty! Gracias. Teacher:            -Si, muy bien, cincuenta.- PHASE II Teacher:             -Muy bien. ?Mas preguntas? ?no? Ahora Uds. Van a hablar de su familia con un companero de clase. A ver, a trabajar en parejas (Shows two fingers to indicate "pairs" and passes a worksheet titled: Una descripcion de mi familia). Bien, tienen diez minutos para escribir 5 oraciones describiendo a su familia.- (Teacher says, showing five with his hand. He walks around answering questions; students seem somewhat lost; after ten minutes instructor calls for volunteers).  PHASE III Kate:                 -Mi familia esta laarga. Pedro's familia esta pecueniia.- Teacher:            -Gracias Kate, entonces, tu familia es grande pero la familia de Pedro es pequena (States using gestures to indicate the two sizes). A ver... un poco mas de detalles. ?Tienes hermanos?- Kate:                 -Si, tengou cin cuuenta jermanous.- Teacher:            -!Cincuenta! (Says as he writes fifty on the board) Kate:                 -!Oh, no! Tengou cincou jermanos. Lo sientou.- Teacher:            - Bien Kate. ?Puedes repetir: Tengo cinco hermanos? Recuerda que la hache no suena en espanol. (Says pointing to the letter on the board) Kate:                 Oh, si, lo sientou. Tengou cincou hermanos.- (Says smiling). Teacher:            -Mucho mejor Kate, gracias. ?Y tu Joe, tienes hermanos?- Joe:                   -Nou.- Teacher:            -?Y tios? ?Tienes tios y tias? (Joe shakes his head to indicate no). Bien. Otros voluntarios. (Brooks and Carla raise their hands to participate). Si, Brooks y Carla.- Brooks:             -Carla's familia esta pecuenia y mi familia... big.- Teacher:            -Gracias Brooks. Entonces, la familia de Carla es pequena y tu familia es grande, si grande. (Students nod). Recuerden clase. En espanol decimos: La familia de... Por ejemplo, la familia de los Kardashian es interesante. (Says, as he writes on the board). ?Algo mas Carla? ?Tienes primos? Carla:                -Si, muchous.- (Class continues in this fashion.  At the end of the class, teacher feels frustrated because although students seem to understand the topic, they are not producing the new vocabulary about the family presented in this lesson). *Bold in the dialogue indicates the text was pronounced with emphasis.
What is the electronic geometry and molecular geometry for krypton tetrafluoride, KrF4 (consider the Lewis structure).
DQ3: The prescriber has ordered morphine sulfate 4 mg IV STAT for a patient complaining of severe pain at 1447.  The nurse administers the morphine as ordered and documents the time based on the clock shown below. What time did the nurse document in the MAR? _______________
The CEO (Chief Executive Officer) has the primary responsibility for setting the overall direction of an acute care hospital.
Critics of globalization say that global consumer-goods companies destroy ________.
In the formula
Which of the following ions is anti-aromatic?
A toddler is being treated for pinworms.  What advice should the nurse give to the mother to prevent re-infection?
Price Quantity Demanded Quantity Supplied   $12.00 0 36   $10.00 3 30   $8.00 6 24   $6.00 9 18   $4.00 12 12   $2.00 15 6   $0.00 18 0    Use the above table to answer the following question. Assume the demand curve and supply curve are straight lines. What is producer surplus at equilibrium?
With regard to folic acid metabolism, what is the relationship between sulfa drugs such as sulfanilamide and trimethoprim?
Which of the following is(are) true of chimeras (mark all that are correct)
In general, the more complex the model, the greater the chance of ________.
The connective tissue coverings of a skeletal muscle, listed from superficial to deep, are
