Ex. 51 Fill-In, #12
Tableau Task 2       (max 12 pts)   Create a new worksheet in your Tableau workbook.  Name it "Bar Graph".   Management wants you to give them a horizontal bar graph that will show who are the best regional managers.  The regional managers don't all have the same number of restaurants, so we will use the average number of customer visits determine who is the best regional manager.   Create a horizontal bar graph as follows:  One bar for each regional manager (be sure it's the regional manager, not local). The length of each bar is set by the average Customer Visits for all of that manager's restaurants. Create a filter so that only the top 5 managers are displayed. Sort the bars so that the longest bar is on the top, shortest on the bottom.    NOTES:   This task will be graded manually, based on our evaluation of the TWBX file you submit.
Solve the equation: (2x + 7)2 = 81
Which of the following affects hunger?
What makes lunatic assassins and criminal gangs different than terrorists?
A nurse said to a client, If you don't be quiet, I will not let your children visit you today. What tort has the nurse carried out that violated the client's rights?
Assuming that height and weight are the same, the BMR for a man is higher than a woman.
The client you are caring for has aortic stenosis.  Which anatomical location should  the nurse auscultate to assess the murmur?
A common stock will start paying a cash dividend of $5 next year and the firm is expected to grow at 4% a year, starting in year 5. If the discount rate is 14%, what is the current price of the stock?
Write two paragraphs in Spanish for a total of 15 sentences in which you talk about yourself (name, where you are from, age, where you live, description) in the first paragraph and talk about a family member in the second. (relationship, name, where he/she is from, where he/she lives/works/studies, age, likes/dislikes, description, likes/dislikes etc.  a      e         i      o       u     n     ?
Which of the following is NOT true regarding phospholipids?
Use this e-mail to answer the following question: The primary audience for this e-mail is     To: All Graduate Advisers Subject:  Meeting Dear Dr. Smith, We will soon be conducting informative sessions where students will learn everything about Graduate School from financial aid and scholarship opportunities to how to make the most of their campus experience.  We will host a networking dinner after the information sessions nearby at the Ballroom.  This meeting will serve as an opportunity for students to meet other students, faculty, staff, and different services our university has to offer.  We would like a representative from your office to be present to help us welcome the students and inform them of your services.  A booth will be available for you upon request.  This Annual Graduate Orientation is our way of welcoming our new and current students and helping them kick off their semester strong!  You are cordially invited to attend.  Please let us know if you could attend by e-mail at gradoffice@yourschool.edu on Thursday, Aug. 25th from 5-8 p.m. at the Student Union. Graduate Office
According to the text, which of the following statements accurately reflects the relationship between selfless acts and one's spouse? Access Textbook
Which word describes a type or class of music?
A client with a sleep disorder experiences cataplexy. Which is a feature of this condition?
Individuals in this exercise and sport science use both descriptive and interpretive research.
The party organized to oppose the Federalist Party was first known as the
In a ________ organization, jobs (and departments) are specialized and grouped as production, marketing, human resources, research and development, finance, accounting, and so forth based on the skills they require.
Within sperm, what is the helmet-like structure that contains enzymes that enables the sperm to penetrate the egg?
Define risk exposure (RE).
