PART III- Choose only four out of the following ten, and answer in a couple of specific but brief sentences. Please be as specific as possible. You MUST answer these in your own words. Copying and pasting from other sources will receive a zero for the question, and if there are multiple instances of this, you will receive a zero for the exam.  5 Points Each. There will be NO extra credit for doing more than four, and ONLY the first four will be graded if you do more. Please clearly number which ones you are answering. (If it's number 7, list it as so, if it's number 2, list it as so, etc.) 1. What was the idea of "Manifest Destiny"? Give two examples of how this idea shaped American history during the period we have covered in this class. 2. What was Sherman's March and what was Sherman trying to achieve? What new type of warfare did this introduce? 3. In what ways did the Louisiana Purchase intensify the arguments for and against slavery? 4. Describe two ways that the ideals of the Enlightenment influenced the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. 5. Explain three ways that the Industrial Revolution changed the way people lived and worked (the actual work they did). 6. What were two important events that led up to the American Revolution? Did every colonist agree with the idea of separation from England? 7. What were the beliefs of the Nativists in the 19th Century? Which groups of people did they target and why? 8. What is the Bill of Rights and what is its relationship to the Constitution? What does the Bill specifically outline? 9. What was the reality of the relationship between southern plantations and northern factories? Were these completely separate worlds? If not, how were they tied together economically? 10. What was the Ten-Percent Plan for Reconstruction, and why did the more radical members of the Republican Party find it to be too lenient?
A video is attached for the following question: What type of Classical Period art music is being performed in this video? Would encourage to play starting at 4:22
A slime layer gives bacterial cells greater pathogenicity than a capsule.
Zefie is a mobile application that has been recently launched in the market. The application becomes popular among the youth, but the usage is almost nil among the other age groups. In this case, Zelfie is experiencing a slow _____ rate.
In which of the following stages of bone fracture repair is fibrocartilage replaced by spongy bone?
There are five conditions required for Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium to occur. Describe four of those conditions, and then explain why they would not happen under normal circumstances in nature.
Identify the pink highlighted structure [x1].
What is an example of the conservation of angular momentum?
The nurse, involved in communication with the patient, sits in a chair near the bed, leans forward to hear what the patient is saying and does not interrupt.  The nurse is demonstrating what type of therapeutic communication?
This is a picture of a piece of metaquartzite collected along the Salt River bottom near Buckeye, Arizona.  The rock was cut with a diamond saw to better show the interior and pebbles that make it up.  Which is the youngest part of the rock? "A" is a large quartz pebble;  "B" is the area of orange colored cement;  "C" is a smaller white quartz pebble;  the arrow in pebble "D" points to a small pebble inside a larger pebble.
To add a Glow effect to a picture, which of the following do you do?
Independent assortment of chromosomes occurs during...
A hospital has been the site of an increased incidence of hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP). What is an important measure for the prevention of HAP?
(D)   Gee 'n voorbeeld van twee Suid-Afrikaanse dorpe waarvan jy geleer het wat se temperatuur en reenval deur die Kalahari-woestyn beinvloed word:   (2)
Which of the following statements about the autonomic nervous system is correct?
An sp2 hybridized central carbon atom with no lone pairs of electrons has what type of bonding?
Assume that an mRNA molecule is made beginning complementary to this DNA sequence:   3'-GCCTACGTACATTCC-5' See the genetic code table and the statement below it.  The second codon (counting the start codon as the first codon) directs incorporation of which amino acid in the polypeptide?
One of the characteristics of a nutritious diet is that the foods provide enough of each essential nutrient, fiber, and energy. This principle of diet planning is called:
Virtual simulation digitally reconstructed radiographs are produced to check the accuracy or location of all the following EXCEPT:
When doing a resident's back rub massage, the CNA knows that...
