An adolescent girl asks the nurse about the contraceptive Depo-Provera. What should the nurse explain regarding the contraceptive?
For questions 1-9, we are considering a mixed strategy Nash equilibrium for the game below. Call p the probability that player 1 plays A, and call q the probability that player 2 plays C.     Player 2   C D   Player 1 A 4,5 3,3   B 2,1 6,2      What is the expected payoff to player 2 for playing D?
The high viral load can be usually detected in the blood of HIV-infected patients during
What are the sequences of motor-skill development for different movements?
Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.     His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together.   The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions.   For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse.   The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle.    Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life.   The term for the inability to repair damage done to the body is called
A nurse assessing a client notes that the client has a constant leakage of small amounts of urine and a bladder that is distended and palpable. The nurse should associate these findings with which of the following types of urinary incontinence?
Which of the following research methodologies did Masters and Johnson apply to their study of human sexuality?
A protein with which uses two lysines ~11 A apart as a ruler would be able to distinguish between
A married man expresses to the nurse that his wife's frequent nagging angers him. The nurse role-plays assertive communication techniques with the husband. Which of the following indicates the husband understands how to use assertive techniques effectively?
For a manufacturing company, the combination of the cost of raw materials, direct labor, and overhead for inventory that has not yet completed production is known as:
The potential (relative to infinity) at the midpoint of a square is 3.0 V when a point charge of +Q is located at one of the corners of the square. What is the potential (relative to infinity) at the center when each of the other corners is also contains a point charge of +Q?
The following features are clinical signs of lower motor neuron dysfunction, mark all that apply
Is this statement a fact or an opinion? Two dozen athletes, seven of them medalists, were thrown out of the Olympics in Athens for failing or missing a drug test.
The boiling point of water at sea level is 100 degC. At higher altitudes, the boiling point of water will be __________________
Which bond types hold a protein's secondary structure together?
Muscle tone around the joint has no role in joint stability.
The Crusades had little to do with the revival of trade during the High Middle Ages.
Cuando (yo) viva sola, nunca _______________ (hace) la cama.
Matching question: Anything we do involves our entire brain. Imagine you are trying out a new pancake recipe with a friend of yours. Which brain area is responsible for carrying out the bulk of the computation that is needed to do the described tasks (assign each task once to the brain area that fits best)?
Given: int n, m; double x, y, z; which of the following assignments are valid? (Enter valid or invalid for an answer) 1) n = m = 5; [ans1] 2) n = 5;     m = 2 + 6;     n = 6 / 3;     [ans2] 3) x + y = z; [ans3] 4) n = x % 5;  [ans4]
