Question 1 (20 marks: 10 min) Classify each of the structural systems shown in Figure 1 as unstable, statically determinate, or statically indeterminate. If the structural system is statically indeterminate, then determine the degree of static indeterminacy.      Figure 1   Question 2: (40 Marks-30 min) For the beam shown in Figure 2 determine the following:  Reactions at support A, B, and D. Bending moment and shear force at intermediate hinge C Bending moment and shear force at support B     Figure 2   Note:  For Bending Moments and Shear Forces, the +ve sign convention is below.     Question 3 (40 marks: 35 min) Determine the forces in the marked members of the truss shown in Figure 3.    Figure 3   GOOD LUCK!
Answer the following question in a complete sentence?Uds hablan espanol?
This animal belongs to which group?
A client diagnosed with a neurocognitive disorder is exhibiting behavioral problems on a daily basis. At change of shift, the client's behavior escalates from pacing to screaming and flailing. Initially, which action should a nurse implement in this situation?
A PTA would like to increase the ability of a child with poor head and trunk control to sit on the floor and play games with friends. Which of the following devices would be MOST appropriate to use:    A    B    C  D
Descartes discovers the Cogito.
The role of tRNA is to
Which of these pathogens are Spirochaetes? (Select all that are correct.)
Dark Energy is not affected by gravity.
A preschool-age child is admitted to the pediatric unit for surgery. The parents request to stay with their child. What is the best response by the nurse?
The nurse is caring for a client at risk for developing Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS). Which of the following manifestations would the nurse expect to see in early ARDS?
The kind of fiber that can feed healthy gut bacteria and act as a prebiotic is:
Yersinia pestis
Draw a molecular orbital diagram of cyanide (CN-).  Be sure to label all the orbitals (both atomic and molecular). Calculate the bond order.   The order of the molecular orbitals from the atomic p orbitals is pi, sigma, pi*, sigma*
Only one of these is NOT holoplankton:
The gastric secretion of stomach at during gastric phase is triggered by
Extra credit: Please note this essay is worth a maximum of 2 extra credit points. Only choose to answer this question if you cannot answer one of the other 3 essays, which are worth more. Q: Please describe the most interesting or surprising fact you learned about the human body from this course (a college-level written response is required for Gordon Rule writing credit - please use your best grammar/spelling/punctuation).
Order: 25 mcg Fentanyl Available: Fentanyl 100 mcg/2 mL How many mL will you administer?
An object with a specific gravity of 1.5 will not float in water.
If the exposure level needed to be increased by 25% to compensate for asymmetrical anatomy, which density setting would you select?
