In class, we proved that if the radius of any circle is doubled then the area of the sector with the same angle is quadruple the original circle's sector area. Prove that if a radius of any circle is tripled that the area of the sector with the same angle is nine times the original circle's sector area. (keep in mind that since you are proving something, you cannot use specific measurements)
When a skeletal muscle fiber contracts,
Read the statement below carefully. Answer True if you think a statement it TRUE. Answer False if you think the statement is FALSE. Give a brief explanation or example to justify your answer. Weather describes short-term atmospheric conditions such as temperature, moisture content, wind, precipitation, barometric pressure, solar radiation, and other characteristics. Climate is an area's long-term pattern of atmospheric conditions.
Name two of the ways radiation dose can be reduced when using a C-arm.
The period of time during which the concentration of a therapeutic drug decays by 50% is referred to as the drug's
Which of the following cells would you expect to be most affected by chemotherapy?
What will the nurse's instructions for a new mother to care for the infant's umbilical cord include?
Questions 36-42 refer to the following passage from a longer article.           Title of Essay   "The Soft Power of TikTok"     Authors   Rob Long     Title of Journal   Commentary     Volume/Issue   Volume 150, Issue 1     Date of Publication   July-August 2020     Page numbers   63-64     Database   Gale Literature Research Center     Permalink   http://kidd.blinn.edu:2048/login?url=http://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=edsglr&AN=edsgcl.630334996&site=eds-live        TikTok is a spectacular piece of pro-American propaganda. It's soft power for the new century. If the last century was shaped by American movies and music, perhaps this one will be guided by TikTok's real-life glimpses at gleaming American kitchens.  TikTok has everything except big stars and production values, which is where Hollywood comes in. Convinced by the success of TikTok and other shortform video services that audiences will embrace on the-go video entertainment, Hollywood veteran Jeffrey Katzenberg and Silicon Valley mogul Meg Whitman launched a service of their own.  It's called Quibi (for "quick bites," get it?), and it's an example of what happens when smart people try to fix something that already works. Quibi delivers short-form entertainment, designed for mobile phones, loaded up with stars and scripts and high concepts. Steven Spielberg is producing shows for Quibi. Movie star Liam Hemsworth top-lines an action-adventure series. The founders raised $1.8 billion to spend on stars, brand names, and a slick Quibi app.  The result was a fizzle. Audiences were slow to install the app...and subscription revenue, a big part of the Quibi business plan, has yet to materialize. The Quibi founders looked at the current entertainment landscape and thought, "They want it shorter? We'll give them shorter, but Hollywood style!"  But the addictive success of TikTok has nothing to do with the running time of the content. Young people don't spend 80 minutes a day watching TikToks because they prefer to consume entertainment in shorter segments, or because they're looking for a new source of entertainment. Young people--and not just young people but Americans of all ages--have plenty of places to find good storytelling and big stars.  Young people watch TikTok because they want to see one another. Because they want to know that they're not the only ones who feel a certain way, live a certain way, experience love and friendship a certain way. They can scroll through the silly dances and personal confessions and think, "I have a kitchen like that, a bedroom like that, a hoodie like that, a mom like that. I guess I'm normal. I guess other kids are feeling the same way." TikTok isn't entertainment, it's community. And community is a much better business model.  TikTok responds to a basic human need--deeper, even, than the need to be entertained or amused or diverted. TikTok tells its audience, "There are young people just like you." It's a powerful weapon in the war against loneliness.  Quibi, on the other hand, is just another streaming service.  The team behind Quibi assumed that audiences would quickly embrace a shinier, more polished version of TikTok. The strategy was simple: Replace the spontaneous, free-form content and amateur talent of TikTok with scripts and stars. But it's sort of like when you buy a toddler an expensive toy and wrap it in a box. The child opens the box, removes the toy, and then plays with the box.  TikTok is the box. Quibi is the toy. And so far, the kids prefer the box. Which makes sense, because the box is a lot more fun.     Which of the following statements is an accurate paraphrase of the author's assertion that: "The team behind Quibi assumed that audiences would quickly embrace a shinier, more polished version of TikTok. The strategy was simple: Replace the spontaneous, free-form content and amateur talent of TikTok with scripts and stars."
Contraction of the latissimus dorsi results in this action.
The nurse is considering the importance of safety when providing patient care. At which times should the nurse be particularly alert for safety hazards? (Select all that apply.)
Select the answer choice that correctly identifies the justification for line 7 of the proof given in question #10. 1.) G v (S * I) 2.) (S v T) [?] (J [?] E) 3.) ~G                     /  J [?] E 4.) S * I              ____ 5.) S                  4, Simp 6.) S v T             ____ 7.) J [?] E            ____
Solve.A car travels 400 miles on level terrain in the same amount of time it travels 160 miles on mountainous terrain. If the rate of the car is 30 miles per hour less in the mountains than on level ground, find its rate in the mountains.
Feral hogs cause on the average $_____Million in damages annually.
Pauline would like to be a full-time college student. However, she also would like to work full-time. She is a single mother and would prefer to not have her child in day care. The state of tension that Pauline feels is most accurately labeled
Extra Credit Question (no word limit) What 1 or 2 topics do you think the most important (or interesting) in this course? And what 1 or 2 topics (related to HSR) would you like to be covered in the rest of the semester?
Which of the following is true of Jim Crow laws?
A bond with 14 years to maturity is selling for $1,070 and has a yield to maturity of 10.06 percent. If this bond pays its coupon payments semi-annually and the par value is $1,000, what is the bond's annual coupon rate?
Families are marginalized in policymaking because lawmakers do not value families
All the following are true about using mechanical resistance, except:
In Psychological Seduction, the author argues that_________ has seduced _________.
