Education in the United States unfortunately has a long history of discrimination against various groups. Over the decades, legislative and social efforts have worked hard to overcome the impact of discrimination, particularly on marginalized groups such as minorities and students with disabilities. Focus on the school to prison pipeline phenomenon has helped to shed light on the issue of harsh disciplinary practices that result in expulsions and suspensions of minority students, particularly black students. Similarly, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) resulted in greater efforts to ensure educational progress and inclusion for students with disabilities.  Students who are repeatedly disciplined through detentions, in-school suspensions, and expulsions are at greater risk of failing to graduate high school and of going to jail or prison in the future.
This matter is before the Court on a Motion for Preliminary Injunction filed pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 65 by Plaintiff Common Cause Indiana ("Common Cause"). Common Cause challenges the legality of Indiana Senate Enrolled Act 442 (2017) ("SEA 442"), which amends Indiana's voter registration laws. The National Voter Registration Act of 1993, 52 U.S.C. SSSS 20507-20511 ("NVRA"), established procedural safeguards to protect eligible voters against disenfranchisement and to direct states to maintain accurate voter registration rolls. The NVRA placed specific requirements on the states to ensure that these goals were met. Common Cause maintains that SEA 442 violates the NVRA by circumventing its procedural safeguards. Common Cause seeks preliminary injunctive relief to prohibit the Defendants from implementing or enforcing SEA 442. The NVRA was enacted to reduce barriers to applying for voter registration, to increase voter turnout, and to improve the accuracy of voter registration rolls. The NVRA allows a voter's registration to be removed from the rolls if the voter requests to be removed, if the voter dies, because of a criminal conviction or mental incapacity, or because of a change in residency. The NVRA provides, "In the administration of voter registration for elections for Federal office, each State shall . . . conduct a general program that makes a reasonable effort to remove the names of ineligible voters from the official lists of eligible voters." 52 U.S.C. SS 20507(a)(4). [NOTE: STATUTE AMENDED BY BENZA]             The NVRA further provides, "Any State program or activity to protect the integrity of the electoral process by ensuring the maintenance of an accurate and current voter registration roll for elections for Federal office . . . shall be uniform [and] nondiscriminatory." 52 U.S.C. SS 20507(b)(1). Furthermore, the NVRA directs,       A State shall not remove the name of a registrant from the official list of eligible voters in elections for Federal office unless the registrant- (A) confirms in writing that the registrant has changed residence to a place outside the registrar's jurisdiction in which the registrant is registered; or (B) (i) has failed to respond to a notice described in paragraph (2); and (ii) has not voted or appeared to vote (and, if necessary, correct the registrar's record of the registrant's address) in an election during the period beginning on the date of the notice and ending on the day after the date of the last general election for Federal office that occurs after the date of the notice.   52 U.S.C. SS 20507(d)(1). Paragraph (2) describes that the notice must be "a postage prepaid and pre-addressed return card, sent by forwardable mail, on which the registrant may state his or her current address." 52 U.S.C. SS 20507(d)(2). Thus, in the context of removing voter registrations because of a change in residency, Section 20507(d)(1) requires that either (1) the voter confirm in writing their change in residency, or (2) notice was mailed to the voter who then did not return the notice card and did not vote during the most recent federal general election. Plaintiff Common Cause Indiana is the Indiana affiliate of Common Cause, which is a national nonpartisan, nonprofit grassroots organization that advocates for ethics, good government, campaign finance reform, constitutional law, and the elimination of barriers to voting. Common Cause works on multiple fronts, including by partnering with other community organizations to provide education and training to on-the-ground voting rights activists around the State of Indiana as well as by lobbying for nonpartisan redistricting and increasing the number of satellite voting locations. Common Cause has one fulltime employee and a limited budget, and it relies on its member volunteers for much of its activities. The organization has approximately 12,000 members who live and vote in Indiana. Plaintiff Henry Pruse is a citizen of Indiana. Pruse is 75 years old and asserts that he has voted in every election at state, local or national level since 1964. However, due to medical and other issues he has been unable to vote in any election since 2010. On Election Day 2020, Pruse went to his local voting location to cast his ballot. At that location Pruse was advised that he was not registered to vote and was denied a ballot. Pruse denied receiving any notice of removal from the voter roll. Defendant Connie Lawson is the Indiana Secretary of State, and in that capacity she is the chief election official in the State of Indiana. She is charged with performing all ministerial duties related to the state's administration of elections. Defendants Bradley King ("King") and Angela Nussmeyer ("Nussmeyer") are co-directors of the Indiana Election Division within the Secretary of State's office, and in that capacity are jointly the "NVRA official" designated under Indiana law as responsible for the coordination of Indiana's responsibilities under the NVRA. These co-directors are individually appointed by the Governor based on recommendations from Indiana's Democratic and Republican parties, respectively. Each co-director has a four-year term that coincides with the term of the Indiana Secretary of State. King and Nussmeyer thus are charged with coordinating county voter registration. Each county in the State of Indiana has either a county election board or a county board of registration. Pursuant to the official policies, guidance, and standard operating procedures issued by King and Nussmeyer as the co-directors, the individual county boards conduct elections and administer election laws within their county. The county boards are responsible for maintaining the voter registration records in their county by adding, updating, and removing voter registrations. While the county boards are responsible for actually physically maintaining their voter registration records, this list maintenance is dictated by the policies, procedures, and guidance established by the election division co-directors and constrained by the election division's business rules governing the electronic statewide voter registration system. King and Nussmeyer are additionally responsible for building, managing, and maintaining the statewide voter registration system, which includes creating protocols within the system and issuing official policies, guidance, and standard operating procedures to guide the county boards on their duties under state and federal law. They also provide training to the county boards. The official guidance from King and Nussmeyer as reflected in the protocols, documents, and trainings are mandatory. King and Nussmeyer are also responsible for establishing the standard operating procedures and the business rules that determine how the electronic statewide voter registration system operates. This includes dictating what information will be provided to county election officials to help them maintain their individual county voter rolls, and it also dictates what actions the county officials are able to take within the "online portal" of the statewide system. Indiana participates in the Interstate Voter Registration Crosscheck Program ("Crosscheck") as a method for identifying voters who may have become ineligible to vote in Indiana because of a change in residence. Crosscheck is an interstate program that was created and is administered by the Kansas Secretary of State. The program is designed to identify voters who have moved to, and registered to vote in, another state, or have not voted in any state, local, or national election in the past 5 years. This is accomplished by comparing voter registration data provided by participating states. The participating states submit their voter registration data to Crosscheck, which then compares the first name, last name, and birthdate of registered voters to identify possible "matches" or duplicate voter registrations. The output data of possible matches is then sent back to the participating states. The individual states decide what to do with the Crosscheck data. Each year Indiana provides its statewide voter registration list to the Kansas Secretary of State to compare to data from other participating states through Crosscheck. Crosscheck then sends a list of possible matches back to Indiana, and within thirty days of receiving the list, Indiana's statute requires that the "NVRA official" (in this case King and Nussmeyer) "shall provide [to] the appropriate county voter registration office" the name and any other information obtained on any Indiana voters who share "identical . . . first name, last name and date of birth of [a] voter registered in [another] state." The statute requires King and Nussmeyer to provide this voter data to the county election officials. A specific aspect of SEA 442 is before the Court. SEA 442 provides that any voter who failed to cast a ballot in the five years prior to an upcoming election would be removed from the voter rolls. As a result of this provision some 15,000 Indiana voters were removed from the rolls for the 2020 Presidential election. During the enactment process of SEA 442, Common Cause's single fulltime employee and policy director, Julia Vaughn, testified on behalf of Common Cause before the state legislature explaining how SEA 442 would injure Indiana voters and threaten their right to vote as well as how it would violate the NVRA. These lobbying efforts took time away from other work and issues to which Common Cause could have devoted its time. After the statute's amendment, Common Cause has devoted time and resources to conducting activities such as training sessions aimed at educating voters and community activists about the increased risk of erroneous voter registration cancelations. Because of SEA 442, Common Cause has changed some of its training materials to address the increased risk of voters being wrongly removed from the voter rolls. On November 10, 2020, Common Cause and Pruse filed this lawsuit seeking declaratory and injunctive relief, requesting that the Court declare SEA 442 violates the NVRA and enjoining Indiana from implementing and enforcing the amended statute. You are the District Court judge assigned to this matter. Pending before the Court is Defendants' motion to dismiss for lack of standing. You should write your opinion addressing all issues of standing necessary to determine whether this case should proceed to merits review.
Let Z be the Standard Normal random variable. Find P(-1.75 < Z < 1.75).
What is the average lifespan of a dog?
T2-3 intervertebral disk space is found:
Extra credit questions are worth up to 3 points each. Do not leave them blank as partial credit is available.     Please discuss the questions that a court would ask when determining whether a discovery request is unduly burdensome. There are five questions.
A blood clot attached to a blood vessel wall is called a(an)
What are the Epistles?
Known as _____ disorder, this mood disorder typically occurs during the darker and colder months of the year.
TOTAAL VIR DEEL 2 : 75 PUNTE
According to the chart, how much did the Dark Knight make in its opening weekend?
Currently you are using the Percentage Complete Rule with 10% increments. The project manager argued that it is fundamentally impossible to successfully delineate between say, 30% and 40% completion for most project activities; hence, the use of too much detail is more likely to mislead than to clarify the true status of a project. She suggested using 0/100 rule for assigning completion values. Convert the %completion values of the following table, using the 0/100 rule. What is the earned value (EV) calculated using the 0/100 rule?    Activity Planned Value %Complete Value   A 20 100%    B 70 70%    C 80 20%    D 90 0%
If the work-eligible population is 272 million people and the number of people in the labor force is  148 million, the number of people NOT in the labor force is equal to
If only a single female were born with a bent tail, the researchers should conclude that the results fail to support the genetic model in the Punnett square.
Use the even-odd properties to find the exact value of the expression. Do not use a calculator.sin (-60deg)
A recent movie release portrays the hardships of a family living in poverty after the parents lose their jobs and struggle to find employment because they did not complete high school or obtain their GED. This best demonstrates which concept of vulnerability?
The recent updates to the DSM include a(n) ________ in the number of disorders and, more importantly, a change from placing disorders into discrete categories, recognizing that disorders are more a matter of ________.
Which of the following is true regarding cortisol?
Your grandmother is still very active and loves to get her friends together for bridge on Friday. They always talk about all those old-old people down at the senior center who like to play bingo. About how old are the old-old senior citizens to whom they are referring?
If an allele has a frequency of 0.5:
