A disk shaped turntable, m1,  is placed horizontally so that it rotates freely about a perpendicular axis.  A remote controlled car (point mass), m2 = 5.0 kg is on the outer edge of the turntable at ri = 4.0 m.  Initially the turntable and the mass are rotating with angular velocity oi = 40 rad/s.   When the car drives without slipping inward so that it is at a final distance of rf = 1.0 m from the axis, the angular velocity of the system is of = 60 rad/s.  Find the moment of inertia of the turntable.
During what step of glycolysis are two ATP molecules required?
Food can be irradiated to keep it from spoiling.
The nurse calculates intake and output for an adult client. The client's oral intake for the shift is 1000 ml. The client has had an IV running at 75 ml/hour for 8 hours. The total amount of fluid emptied from the urinary catheter drainage bag is 1250 mL. The client also has a nasogastric tube to decompression and had 175 mL in the suction canister.  How should the nurse record the intake and output?
The client with Chron's disease has received new prescriptions for Sulfasalazine and metronidazole. Which aspect of the client's history causes the nurse to question this order?
BONUS Question: List one hormone produced by the anterior pituitary gland.
A neuron will generate an impulse, or "fire", when the membrane potential reaches:
During the Battle of the Bulge, the Allies, aided by the incredible efforts of General Patton's 3rd Army divisions, were able to stop further German advancement towards Antwerp after halting the German advance at the Battle of _____________
The statement of owner's equity should be prepared
Name the structure labeled Letter J.
The carbon used by plants to generate sugar molecules comes from
Which order should the nurse question for a client with severe hypokalemia.
TOTAL QUESTION 4:   [5]
In the 1920s, the klansmen of the KKK...
Consequential damages include lost profits and injury to property resulting from defective performance.
On January 1 of the current year, Josie's Hoagie Co. reported stockholders' equity totaling $122,500. During the current year, total revenues were $96,000 while total expenses were $85,500. Also, during the current year paid $20,000 in cash dividends. No other changes in equity occurred during the year. If, on December 31 of the current year, total assets are $196,000, the change in total stockholders' equity during the year was:
Matching - use each answer once.
8.  A crystal of pure, straight-chain D-mannose is dissolved in water.  After some time, the solution contains a mixture of both a-D-mannopyranose and b-D-mannopyranose.  Describe the events that lead to the formation of this mixture.  (4 pts)
The branch of systematic biology that assigns organisms to specific classifications (domain, phyla, class etc.) is called:
When Fisk University was founded, it was a
