SECTION B   QUESTION 4    The points A (-4;0), B (3;7) and C (4;-1) form a triangle on the Cartesian plane as shown in the figure below     Right-click to open the figure in a new tab                4.1    Prove that triangle ABC is an isosceles triangle   (5)     4.2   Find the co-ordinates of D (D lies on AB)   (4)     4.3   Determine if  DC
The word HUMANE most nearly means
The round opening within the CT fixture in which the table is moved in and out during an examination is called the?
QUESTION 6     A force of 273 N is applied to pull a box with a mass of 36kg, to the right across a floor, as illustrated in the diagram below. The force makes an angle of 53deg to the horizontal. The box experiences a constant frictional force.       Right click on the blue button to open the diagram in a new tab.                 6.1   Calculate the acceleration of the box if friction is ignored.   (4)     6.2   Now calculate the acceleration of the box if it experiences a frictional force of 22 N.   (4)             [8]
A 57-year-old woman presents to the pharmacy for advice. She has had trouble sleeping for the past three weeks. She has been going through a stressful time lately as she has recently lost her job. She is managing to go to sleep easily but is suffering from early morning waking.   What would be the MOST appropriate management for this patient?
A school of thought that conceptualizes disabled bodies as being defined by a lack, deficiency, or inferiority that needs to be "fixed":
VRAAG 6.4             Wys al jou bewerkings in die antwoord blok.             As jou span 1 uur en 20 minute spandeer het op al hierdie eenhede, hoeveel tyd (in minute) was spandeer op datahantering?   (3)
Rick is testing whether texting while driving causes drivers to make more errors as compared to not texting while driving. What procedure should Rick use to reduce confounding variables when putting his participants in the experimental and control group?
Explain the result of a right side vs. a left side lesion in the parietal lobe.
The bony landmark and bone indicated within the red circle is the [x1].
Name this space. Be specific.
Collusive price setting refers to price setting by monopolists or collusion parties at a level lower than the competitive level.
In the city of Greenville, the mean income of a family is $24600 per year.  The standard deviation is $1800.  If 36 families are selected at random, find the probability that the mean is greater than $23800.
Midterm -   EGR/CSC1054 100 points total - You must complete this without talking or chatting or emailing or asking for help from other people. You may use any other resource you would like. Remember to turn in your work on canvas at the end of the lab time. You must have this quiz open during the entire time you are working (that is, honor lock must be recording). You can assume you will get valid input in all parts of the program. Part I:  Create program that keeps track of a list of first names. Start the list with "Josue", "Leslie", "Brenden", "Leslie", and "Steven". Loop over a menu and implement the functionality of the following options.  You should be able to remove a name if the first letter of the name matches the letter a user entered in (only remove one copy of the name). Print out the number of e's in each name and the names. (lowercase e only)    See below for a sample run and examples of how each command works.    Sample output: What do you wish to do?1.Remove one copy of a name2.Print out the number of e's each name3.quit>> 21 Josue2 Leslie2 Brenden2 Leslie2 StevenWhat do you wish to do?1.Remove one copy of a name2.Print out the number of e's each name3.quit>> 1What name would you like to remove? (enter in the first letter)>> SWhat do you wish to do?1.Remove one copy of a name2.Print out the number of e's each name3.quit>> 21 Josue2 Leslie2 Brenden2 LeslieWhat do you wish to do?1.Remove one copy of a name2.Print out the number of e's each name3.quit1What name would you like to remove? (enter in the first letter)>> LWhat do you wish to do?1.Remove one copy of a name2.Print out the number of e's each name3.quit>> 21 Josue2 Brenden2 LeslieWhat do you wish to do?1.Remove one copy of a name2.Print out the number of e's each name3.quit>> 3   Part 2: Part 2 uses this Moon class and the later client class. You may not modify moon or duplicate variables that already exist in Moon. You may not modify the client class. public class Moon{   private String name;   private boolean isGas;   private double diameter;   public Moon(String name, boolean isGas, double diameter)   {      this.name = name;      this.isGas = isGas;      this.diameter = diameter;   }      public String getName()   {      return name;   }   public boolean getIfGas()   {      return isGas;   }   public double getDiameter()   {      return diameter;   }}    Create a Planet class, which extends Moon Planet has the following methods: (see the use of each of these methods in the client and output).  Planet has a population amount. Planet should have an equals, which can take in a planet or a moon and returns true if at least two variables of a Planet are the same and false otherwise. Planets and Moons are never equal. Planet should have a method that determines if planet has a large population (a planet has a large population if population is greater than the diameter^2). Planet should have a toString method that prints out the following:    Planet: ... Population:... Diameter:... is gaseous: *In between the , please have the correct value for the particular instance.  Planet can have any accessors and mutators that it needs.    Client: public class PlanetClient{   public static void main(String[] args)   {      Planet earth = new Planet("Earth",false,5.5,499);      Planet psyclo = new Planet("Psyclo",true,100,0);      Moon phobia = new Moon("Phobia",false,5);      Planet phobiaPlanet = new Planet("Phobia",false,5,0);            Planet mars = new Planet("Mars",true,100,10000);            if(earth.hasLargePopulation())      {         System.out.println(""Humans," said Terl, "are growing a lot!"");      }      if(mars.hasLargePopulation())      {         System.out.println(""Martians," said Terl, "are growing a lot!"");      }      System.out.println("Population of Psyclo is:" + psyclo.getPopulation());            System.out.println(earth);      System.out.println(psyclo);      System.out.println(phobiaPlanet);            Planet earth2 = new Planet("Earth2",true,5.5,498);      System.out.println(earth.equals(earth2));            Planet psyclo2 = new Planet("Psyclo",true,0,1);      System.out.println(psyclo.equals(psyclo2));            Planet earth3 = new Planet("Earth",false,5.5,499);      System.out.println(earth.equals(earth3));            System.out.println(phobiaPlanet.equals(phobia));            earth.setPopulation(1000);      System.out.println(earth);         }}Output: "Humans," said Terl, "are growing a lot!"Population of Psyclo is:0Planet: Earth... Population:499... Diameter:5.5... is gaseous:falsePlanet: Psyclo... Population:0... Diameter:100.0... is gaseous:truePlanet: Phobia... Population:0... Diameter:5.0... is gaseous:falsefalsetruetruefalsePlanet: Earth... Population:1000... Diameter:5.5... is gaseous:false   Part 3: Create a program to read in from a file called "midfile.txt". The file contains a whole number (let's call this number N) followed by N whole numbers. Determine if the numbers are in a squared order (so if the first number is 3, the next must be the square of 3 (9), then the next must be the square of 9 (27), etc. Example file: 52 4 8 8 256   Output: Not Squares
Noise Contour maps are used by the FAA and EPA to determine
Current legislation regarding new drugs in the United States requires that:
How many victims did Robert Hanson kill in Alaska?
Intrastate activities affecting the interstate commerce are regulated by the Congress.
_________is the instrument used to measure relative humidity by using a dry and wet bulb thermometer
Which of the following would be the type of stress that would be needed to form a fold?
