When mHealth Apps and Devices Fail Kenneth Lee 2021   1          The explosive proliferation of mobile health (mHealth) continues to generate considerable interest. A review conducted by the University of Chicago showed that most publicly available mobile health apps are designed for patients. Most target wellness and disease management, with others for self-diagnosis. 2          However, most mHealth apps have not been rigorously tested, so we can't be certain that they make good on their promises. My purpose is not to deny that mHealth technology can transform health care and health outcomes in positive ways, but to illustrate how defective mHealth apps and devices could lead to serious consequences. An mHealth app or device could be invalid, unreliable, or not evidence-based. 3          Many mHealth apps and devices are designed to measure such parameters as blood glucose, blood pressure, physical activity, lung function, oxygen levels, and cardiac rhythms. An invalid app or device measures the parameter inaccurately by underestimation, overestimation, or misclassification. Consider an app that connects to a glucose strip reader to transform the smartphone into a glucose meter. If the app displays an invalid glucose reading and recommends an incorrect dose of insulin, the patient could suffer dangerously low or high glucose levels after the insulin is administered. 4          Some parameters are categories. An invalid app would miscategorize the parameter. Joel A. Wolf and his colleagues from the University of Pittsburgh evaluated the accuracy of smartphone apps that were designed to analyze photographs of skin lesions and estimate the likelihood that the lesions were melanomas. Three of the four apps misclassified 30 percent or more of true melanomas as benign. 5          An unreliable app or device produces excessive variation when measuring parameters that have not changed. For example, an unreliable glucose measurement app can indicate that the user's stable blood glucose has changed significantly. 6          Apps and devices not based on scientific evidence could deliver assessments or suggest treatments that are useless or even harmful. An intermediate scenario is that the mHealth technology does not provide features or components which are known to be beneficial. In either case, if a physician-used asthma app fails to recommend evidence-based treatments (such as inhaled steroids), the patient could suffer. 7          Health care providers are expected to exercise clinical judgment in deciding whether to act on information presented by apps or devices. But a defective app can appear trustworthy. Patients or general consumers (the largest audience for mHealth apps) are even less able to judge the accuracy of an app or device. 8          Experts argue that randomized controlled trials (usually considered the gold standard in research) are required to validate mHealth apps and their underlying principles. In particular, we should look for trials with large samples and long follow-ups. Some randomized controlled trials have been conducted. For example, a 2019 study used a randomized controlled trial to evaluate the effectiveness of a mental health mobile app for well-being and stress reduction in working women. The study found that those who used the app had significant improvement in work-related well-being as well as decreased stress. 9          However, there are challenges with using randomized controlled trials when studying mHealth apps. One study noted that waiting groups or placebos are often used in randomized controlled trials. In some cases, withholding treatment is not appropriate. They concluded the most useful approach when studying these mHealth apps may be to compare outcomes for patients using the apps with those receiving treatment in an outpatient setting. 10        A defective app can be removed from the marketplace, like Pfizer's Rheumatology Calculator app, which was generating inaccurate scores for evaluating disease activity in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. But removal from online markets only prevents new downloads. What about apps already downloaded onto the user's smartphone or tablet? If the user is unaware of the danger, the risk persists. 11        Although we should be aware of their risks and limitations, mHealth apps also have the potential to encourage people to make healthier choices and take more responsibility.
Two small cylindrical plastic containers with flat bottoms are placed on a turntable that has a smooth flat surface. Canister A is empty; canister B contains lead shot. Each canister is the same distance r from the center. The coefficient of static friction between the canisters and the turntable is ms. When the speed of the turntable is gradually increased,
Name the primary data structure used to implement a heap. Why is it needed?
The nurse is assigned to a client recovering from a muscle injury. What dietary modifications should the nurse encourage this client to implement?
The surgeon has just closed an open reduction internal fixation of a right distal radius and has decided to apply a cast.  Which of the following materials should the surgical technologist have available for the surgeon to apply before the casting material?
Which of the following sentences uses the most precise language?
To help new information transfer to long term memory, one must use
Find the midrange for the given sample data.3 6 9 0 4 1 11 5 9 14 3 8 2 15 0 9
A nurse has just finished teaching a patient about anticoagulant therapy for a pulmonary embolism (PE).  The nurse knows that the patient understands the anticoagulant teaching if the patient says, "I will:
What is required to convert fibrinogen to fibrin?
Fit Me Perfect Jeans Case Study Shahir and his business partner, Chris, are in the process of developing their business model canvas for their new e-commerce idea, Fit Me Perfect Jeans. The company, that is planning to operate a website and an app, will sell custom made jeans that are delivered Customers in just three days. Customers will provide measurements via a virtual reality fitting room (on smartphone, tablet, or laptop). The jeans will be made exactly to the Customer's specifications. The jeans will be guaranteed to fit perfectly or the Customer will receive a complete refund. The jeans will be shipped within 3 days; overnight shipping is available for an additional charge.  The price of Fit Me Perfect Jeans will start at $99 per pair. The price will vary based on style, added embellishments such as seam edge and pocket trims.    For your reference, this case study will be repeated for each question. Identify at least three Customer segments for Fit Me Perfect Jeans. Be specific. (This question is worth 10 points.)
Requiring deaf children to learn to comprehend spoken language by lip-reading is typically perceived by the deaf community as a form of
What is a unique botanical characteristic of Marihuana that separates it from plant species upon microscopic examination?
R.U.A. Betterbreeder is the manager of the largest sow farm in your practice area. Sow reproductive performance has not been up to his expectations in recent months, and he has asked you to bring in a reproductive consultant, Dr. Therio Oh to assist in investigating the problem.  Dr. Oh has perused Betterbreeders production records and analyzed the reproductive parameters. In his opinion, there are 2 glaring numbers that need to be addressed.  Born alive litter size is 11.5 pigs and average lactation length is 17 days.  Dr. Oh informs your client that born alive litter size could very likely be improved substantially by which of the following changes:
The layer of the epidermis where the cells are considered protective but nonviable.
_____________ is the most important environmental sex-determining factor in reptiles.
Which of the following is true if equilibrium exceeds full employment?
Identify the labeled blood vessel at #4.
Blood flow is ____ proportional to blood pressure and is  ____ proportional to resistance [a]A) inversely; directlyB) directly; inverselyC) inversely; inverselyD) directly; directly
Borderline personality disorder is characterized by hypersensitivity to ________.
