Which artist was famous for his pioneering work in photographic studies of motion?
You might be dropped from this course if you fail to turn in assignments; however, it is the student's responsibility to drop themselves if they decide to stop attending the course.
Choose the correct vocabulary words to fill in the blank. (10x1=10)
Draw the Lewis Dot Structure for  P
Thrombocytes are active in which process?
When it's cold outside, your body conserves heat by shrinking the vessels in your extremities (hands & feet). The shrinking of vessels is known as...
38. The root and the shoot of a plant elongate from this highly mitotic area.
A characteristic of individuals or an exposure that increases chances of getting the disease.
The average minute respiratory rate for an adult is between:
Mark is the project manager working for a general contractor to construct commercial buildings. His team only has the ability to work for a single project at one time. Now, there are 3 competing projects under his considerations. Financial analysis reflects the following information:    Project Riverside Commercials: the payback period is 12 months, and the NPV is $1,580,000; Project Potomac Greenland: A 3-year project. The real rate is 0.15, and the inflation rate is 0.1, with no risk premium. The initial investment is $3,000,000. The expected net cash inflows are $2,000,000; $2,500,000; and $3,000,000.  Project Campus Center: the payback period is 30 months, and the NPV is $1,800,000.    Which project would you recommend to Mark?
Which of the following spatial zones is described as typically being reserved for family and close friends?
A radiograph image of an object measures 6 cm. If the SID is 1 meter and the OID 4 inches, what is the actual size of the object?
Heberden's nodes are found in patients with:
Implied powers of a corporation are expressed in state statutes.
A private-sector employee can avoid at-will status by negotiating a contract that provides for a specific term of employment and defines how the contract can be terminated.
Which of the following atoms has 6 valence electrons?  Select one or more.
Which of the following would be an abnormal PR interval?
Trippin 1 1Yuy B. Trippin Mrs. Soandso ENG 1123 9 April 2018 2"The Duty of Daughters"             3"The Daughters of the Late Colonel" by Katherine Mansfield is a short story that recounts the lives of two sisters who bury their father and then find it difficult to think and do for themselves. 4The sisters try to come to terms with being able to act, think and live without somebody dictating their lives, but they are unable to break free from the restrictions that they have faced for so long as dutiful daughters. 5Because of the way the father controlled them, the sisters cannot disobey him, cannot step out into new experiences, and cannot make decisions without him even when he lies cold in the grave.             6The sisters are raised to stay out of their father's way and to obey his every wish. 7Their father imprisoned them within their own home, and now that their cell door is opened they are afraid to take a step into the real world. 8They have already missed much of their lives and are afraid that something could go wrong, because of this, they begin to become their own prison guards. 9They have been so absorbed with being dutiful daughters they still have wishes of their own they are unable to express those desires thus they submerge themselves even farther in their duties.  10While Constantia reflects on her life, she thinks "There had been this other life... getting things on approval, discussing them with Jug, and taking them back to get more..., and arranging father's trays and trying not to annoy father" (Mansfield 25).  11The reader thinks Constantine is about to make a leap into a new way of thinking when she expresses, "But it had all seemed to have happened in a kind of tunnel. It wasn't real.  It was only when she came out of the tunnel into the moonlight or by the sea or into a thunderstorm that she really felt herself" (p. 25). 12The tunnel is the life she lived under her father's control, and things like a scary thunderstorm or the raging sea seem more peaceful than an old, controlling man who demanded everything from her.             13When a priest offers to bring communion to them in their home, they reject the idea immediately in their minds. 14According to Marie Jean Zederman in her article "Through the Looking-Glass: Queens, Dreams, Fears in the Fiction of Katharine Mansfield," the daughters cannot accept this new experience "because they are worried about the rigid rules, how big the piano is, where everything goes, if Kate will come in at the wrong time.  What's the big deal?  Have communion.  Be close to God.  But they can't.  They are so used to following strict rules and being scared of when things go wrong" (35). 15Sadly, they are still unable to think and act for themselves. 16 Even their servant is an obstacle that the sisters flounder to overcome. 17They dislike her attitude towards them and have reason to believe that she is snooping in their things (Mansfield 25). 18Unfortunately, the sisters talk each other out of taking action against her.              19As the sisters try to get used to their father's absence, they find it impossible to make decisions without him. 20After his funeral, they discuss how mad he would be about them spending the money to bury him and seem to think that he will come back at any time to punish them for it. 21 An article says, "The sisters' actions and words when they start to go through his room are a prime example of how they still are unable to get passed their father's death and control" (3).  22They think, "Father would never forgive them. That is what they felt more than ever when.... They went into his room to go through his things" (Mansfield 25). 23This reveals that they believe that even in death, they have to follow his rules. 24"Even the title of the story reveals the sisters' situation: they are his daughters, his possessions, and their names and identities do not matter because their identity as daughters is completely tied to him" (Zederman 35). 25Every action that they takes shows the signs of their souls suffering from the weight of dependence that they have always been forced to endure and cannot eliminate.              26At the end of the short story, you see a glimmer of hope in the distance when the sisters realize that it has been a week since their father died, and both have an electric sense of joy, but it soon disappears (Mansfield 25). 27Constantia thinks about her life and what it could have been. 28In the wake of their revelation, the sisters begin to talk, but the words never come. 29Each is still afraid of what her father would say or do. 30When the one tries to get the other to say what she wants to hear, the other pretends not to remember what it was she was going to say. 31The sisters are unable to take charge so they choose the life their father already chose for them.  For the following Works Cited page, do not pay attention to the incorrect indention. Canvas will not allow it to be done correctly.  32Works Cited: 33"Through the Looking-Glass: Queens, Dreams, Fears in the Fiction of Katharine Mansfield." by Marie Jean Zederman, Women's Studies, vol. 5, no. 1, Nov. 1977, p. 35, EBSCO, search/Mansfield/looking glass.live.784512954. 34Reisman, Rosemary. "The Daughters of the Late Colonel." Masterplots II: Short Story Series, Revised Edition,January 2004, pp. 1-3. EBSCO, search/ebsco/queens/colonel.4584873431/. 35Mansfield, Katherine. "Daughters of the Late Colonel." The Norton Anthology English Literature,  edited by Stephen Greenblatt, 9th Edition, vol. F, Norton & Company, 2012, pp. 25-35.
What echotexture term is used to describe uniform composition?
The two points that define the length of a line segment
