Which of the following refers to an informal interoffice document written to communicate the results of legal research and the resulting legal analysis?
Pre-foreclosure sale occurs when the property is sold prior to the completion of the foreclosure action for less than the total amount owed.
Activity 3 - Using Presentation Software (PS)  (26 minutes)     Karen wants a slide show to encourage members of other fitness clubs to enter the competition. She has produced a TITLE slide (saved as PENTATHLON) using the settings on the master slide. She wants three more slides in the presentation.         These are her original designs for the slides             RIGHT CLICK on the button to open the LAYOUT in a new tab/window                        These files are available:             * images in GRAPHICS.              * information about the competition in TEXT             RIGHT CLICK on the button to open the files needed in a new tab/window.              Open the slide presentation PENTATHLON. RESAVE the document as PS3_SurnameName (e.g. PS3_LootsKarien)         (a)   Edit the master slide to make changes to the settings for the presentation.             (i) The blue background is too dark. Change it to a more suitable shade.   (1)         (ii) Add the logo you created in Task AG2 to the bottom left-hand corner of the master slide.    (1)         (iii) Change the default font to any sans serif font.   (1)         (iv) Enter your name and surname in the center footer area of the master slide. Add the slide number in the right footer area and today's date (Fixed) on the left footer area.   (4)     (b)   Produce THREE other slides using information from the files TEXT and GRAPHICS and the LAYOUT shown in Karen's original design. You do not have to use all the text and graphics. (all files needed on the blue buttons you have to open in a new tab.)             (i) Create slide 2 to describe features of the competition.   (3)         (ii) Create slide 3 to detail prizes and gifts for competitors.   (3)         (iii) Create slide 4 to explain how to:   (3)         * find out more about the competition             * enter the competition.             (iv) Add animation and transitions to your slides   (2)     (c)   Karen wants to encourage more 11- to 14-year-old girls to enter the competition.              (i) Change slide 3 to make it more appealing to this age group   (1)         (ii) Change the presentation so that it runs continuously without user intervention.   (1)         (iii) Add Action Buttons on each of your slides that will link your pages with one another and back to HOME page.   (1)         (iv) On slide 1, add some NOTES for the presenter.  Explain shortly to the presenter what is a pentathlon competition and what events are part of this type of competition. (you may use the internet to get this information)   (2)         (v) Add a hyperlink on the last slide for more information on the topic. Use a more information Action button and link this action button to  https://kids.kiddle.co/Pentathlon         (2)         RESAVE the document as PS3_SurnameName             UPLOAD YOUR DOCUMENT -  PS3_SurnameName             TOTAL FOR ACTIVITY 3   [25]
Use implicit differentiation to find   for   and evaluate  at the given ordered pair, if:   (a) Find  . (b) What is the value of   at
Which of the following are likely to occur when suctioning a newborn's airway?
A test for microorganisms in the feces:
Which adaptations of fungi contribute to their success?
What is the nucleophile of the first splicing transesterification reaction?
Which of the following are phases of separation anxiety?
The rhetorical situation includes the writer, the ___________, the writer's purpose, and message.
What type of food choice leads to choosing white rice over whole grain rice to save time cooking?
Several forensic anthropologists have dealt with the aftermath of Argentina's "Dirty War" (1970s and 1980s), during which many people disappeared. Which of the following techniques would NOT be appropriate for anthropologists to use in attempting to find and identify these individuals?Click to view enlarged image.
A pattern with two high tides and two low tides of approximately equal size in one day is called:
It is important for the nursing assistant to observe food consumed by the resident after meals because:
What is most effective to determine whether a position is a good match for you?
Using the image below, match the correct function that would be used for each of the indicated cells.
Which receptor chain is mismatched with the wrong gene segments?
Name the structure labeled B. Ignore label A.
If a single person who is eligible for a tax exclusion marries someone who has used their exclusion within the two years prior to their marriage, what is the maximum exclusion they may claim if they sell their house today?
Not found within the suboccipital triangle
