In a population of 800 fowls that are either black or white, black color is dominant to white color.  Of this population, approximately 125 individuals are white.  Assuming that the population is at equilibrium for this gene/locus, answer the following.  Part A: Calculate the allele frequencies and genotype frequencies (p,2pq, etc.).  Perform all calculations to three decimal places.   (Note: you will NOT be scored on part A, but your work in part A, will be required to do Part B.)   Part B: BONUS: After the previous predictions were made, actual samples were obtained from all individuals in the population described above.  Genetic analyses were done, and it was found that of those that were black, 400 are homozygous dominant and 275 are heterozygous.  Is the population above at equilibrium? Use the chi-square test to determine this.   (The chi-square formula and chart is shown below the questions for convenience.) Answer the following:  1. What was the chi-square value? 2. What was the df (degree of freedom) that you used? 3. Did you accept or reject the hypothesis? Why? 4. Is the population at equilibrium? Why or why not?
According to your textbook, outlining is important to public speaking because an outline helps you judge whether
Which of the following represents a shared environmental influence?
Below is the PDF of your exam. Clearly number your questions and work them in such a way that they can be scanned in order. Good luck! 1324FinalExam_S21_VC_MC.pdf
Insulin and glucagon are produced by this organ:
Provide an appropriate response.Retailers are always interested in determining why a customer selected their store to make a purchase. A sporting goods retailer conducted a customer survey to determine why its customers shopped at the store. The results are shown below. What percentage of the customers responded that the merchandise was the reason they shopped at the store? Round to the nearest whole percent.
The technique in which the transition from highlight to shadow creates the illusion of three-dimensional form is called __________.
----- is the term used when a decision maker views a problem from different perspectives and measures the impact of a decision on various groups.
Question 5:  Use the Laplace transform to solve the given initial problem.
The 'optional modes of settlement' include all of the following except:
You can display page numbers in footers for odd pages and the document title in footers for even pages.
Which statement below regarding an aberrant artery is true:
Translation terminates when
The __________ carry blood away from the heart.
The stages of the change process in order are
IV of 500 ml of D5W is to run at 80 ml/hr. Tubing drop factor of  15 gtt/ml. What is the drop rate?  ____________gtt/min
Which is a review for medical necessity of tests and procedures ordered during an inpatient hospitalization?
FOR MULTIPLE CHOICE QUESTIONS:  Choose the one alternative that best completes the statement or answers the question.  FOR SHORT ANSWER QUESTIONS:  Enter the response that best completes the statement or answers the question. Unless stated otherwise, round to the nearest dollar and assume all companies have a calendar year.  FOR FREE-RESPONSE QUESTIONS:  You should clearly support your answers with calculations, explanations, schedules, etc. Your final answer should be clearly designated as such. Unless stated otherwise, round to the nearest dollar and assume all companies have a calendar year. Your journal entries should be in the correct format. See the Journal Entry Formatting Guide below for reference. You must use correct and complete account titles.  At the discretion of the instructor, the use of any unapproved and unacceptable abbreviations may result in the loss of points. If you decide to present your numbers in thousands, please indicate so and be consistent throughout the exam.  Journal Entry Formatting Guide:    Debit account 1  Debit amount 1    Debit account 2  Debit amount 2     Credit account 1  Credit amount 1    Credit account 2  Credit amount 2    FAILURE TO FOLLOW THESE INSTRUCTIONS WILL RESULT IN THE LOSS OF POINTS. By selecting "True" below, you certify that you have read and understood the above exam instructions.
Business presentations
[Choose the correct answer]   What percentage of U.S. adults are obese?         One-fourth         One-third         One-half         Two-thirds
