Who lived in America before the Europeans arrived?
19.   What is your favorite musical artist or group?  What genre (type/category) is this? For example, your instructor's favorite musical group is U2.  This is in the ROCK category. YOU MUST ANSWER THIS QUESTION TO GET THE 12 POINTS!   THE PURPOSE OF THIS QUESTION IS TO:  Allow you to miss two of the computational questions without losing any overall points  OR  Adjust for up to 12 points of partial credit you may have received if you had been able to provide your computations for grading.
In which of the following metabolic conversions is ATP "consumed" during glycolysis?    1,3-Bisphosphoglycerate
Describe two limitations of relying on the method of authority.  Label your response 1) and 2).
Which of the following statements best describes the purpose and use of the Beers list?
The nurse is caring for a 55-year-old female who states she has taken omeprazole (Prilosec) daily for the past 15 years. The nurse knows that based on this information, the client should receive screening for:
The primary function of the circled structure is:
The gallbladder releases a secretion into the duodenum in response to a hormone called __________.
Wealth among the patrilineal Nuer is inherited through the male line. If a father has only daughters, how can he pass his wealth on to his descendants?
Magnesium chloride (MgCl2) is a salt that dissolves in water. Mg is a:
All of the following would be found in a patient with atelectasis except:
Which phase of the business cycle would be most closely associated with an economic contraction?
The nurse is caring for a dying client.  What is the priority nursing action during the care of this client?
How can France be described politically under Napoleon?
Institutional Review Boards (IRB), by law, must include a minimum of ____.
Is this color box steered appropriately?
Part II - Ricardian Model, Consumer Choice: Suppose the U.S. produces 2 goods, tables T and corn C. There is a total of 6 workers in the U.S. and each one can either produce 1 table or 2 pounds of corn. Workers can move freely between sectors, i.e. they can work either in the corn industry or in making tables. U.S. households' utility over these 2 goods is given by
In a tide pool, 15 species of invertebrates were reduced to six after one species was removed. The species removed was likely a(n):
During development embryonic cells will fuse to form muscle fibers. This will result in ________.
Write a conversation between a receptionist and guest at a hotel. Write a minimum of 4 questions and 4 answers.  You should use at least one direct object pronoun (lo, la, los, las). Don't forget to include greetings (those questions are not included in the minimum count) (4 pts. for vocabulary + 4 pts. for grammar + 1 pts. for style and creativity = 9 pts.)
