11. A kitchen design firm builds cabinets on a make-to-order basis for new-home construction. Both holding inventory and backorders are allowed. In June 2018, there is currently a backorder of 100 cabinets. The demand for July through December of 2018 is shown in the table below. The regular-time production cost is $590 per cabinet, the overtime production cost is $885 per cabinet, the cost of holding a cabinet in inventory is $84 per cabinet, and the cost of backordering a cabinet is $95 per cabinet. The number of cabinets in inventory may never decrease by more than 10% from one month to the next, and the number of cabinets in inventory at the end of December must be 10. The number of backordered cabinets may never increase by more than 10% from one month to the next, and the number of backordered cabinets at the end of December must be 0. Regular-time production must be the same in each of the six months of the planning horizon and overtime production in a given month is limited to no more than 40% of the regular time production level. Build a linear programming model for the aggregate plan that will minimize the sum of backorder costs + inventory costs + regular-time production costs + overtime production costs for the six-month planning period.    Month July August September October November December   Demand 400 700 1000 600 400 300
Based on the Movement of Water across a Selectively Permeable Membrane lab, what is a selectively permeable membrane definition?
Individual muscle fibers are bound into fascicles by _____.
Why do most state jurisdictions punish burglary as a felony?
The fifth amendment requires that a case be charged by a grand jury.  This body acts as a filter to determine whether a criminal prosecution should proceed.  There are three outcomes after a grand jury hears the evidence presented against a criminal defendant including all the following except:
How many units were started and completed during October?
There are no advantages to using Film cameras.
Assignments should always be submitted in which of the following formats?
Give your answer as a percent.   You may need this integral:
The causative agent of cycsticercosis is:
Which of the following is a correct representation of the Hardy-Weinberg Equibrium Theorem?
Which of the following is not a characteristic of packet switching?
The carbohydrate digestion (bread digestion) begins in the structure labeled 3.
Which causes the majority or arterial disease?
A proton is accelerated from rest through a voltage difference of 680 V. It then enters a region of space with an unknown uniform magnetic field which is perpendicular to the velocity of the proton. In this space, the proton follows a circular path with a radius of 935 mm. What is the magnitude of the magnetic field?
Which blood vessel can be used for the coronary bypass?
The muscle that originates on the iliac crest and inserts on the 12th rib and transverse processes of T12 to L5 is the
Which of the following statements is true regarding the facing direction of the folds?
Name the monomer that is used to build proteins.
Record the value for the highlighted cell containing the letter 'f'
