Choose one of the following 5 questions to answer. Keep in mind that whatever disorder you choose to write about in this Assessment section must be different than the disorder you will choose to write about in the Treatment section in this afternoon's exam.    Be sure that your heading at the top lists the disorder about which you are writing for the Assessment section.   Speech Assessment Please describe how you would perform a speech evaluation of an 11-year-old Japanese-English speaking boy who presents with /r/ deletion and consonant cluster reduction, but no other remarkable articulation or language characteristics.  He was born and raised in NYC, speaking Japanese at home, but attending local (English-language) public schools since pre-school.  Please specify your logic on determining his speech disorder(s), if any, and your best guess regarding what your findings are likely to be.    Voice Assessment A 35-year-old high school teacher is referred to you by the local ENT for a comprehensive voice evaluation and to assess the role for voice therapy. The physician provided a diagnosis of bilateral vocal fold polyps and believes that the patient would benefit from a course of voice therapy prior to considering the potential surgery (microflap excision). The patient complains of a "hoarse" vocal quality with vocal pain and fatigue following 10-15 minutes of voice use which began gradually around March 2020, worsened over several months, and has been stable since June 2020. They attribute these voice changes to having to teach online. You perform laryngeal palpation and laryngeal-stroboscopic evaluation, which reveals the following: Laryngeal Palpation  No appreciable tension or tenderness in the submental region Increased tension in the base of tongue (suprahyoid space) and thyrohyoid space at rest and increased with phonation Patient report of tenderness in the base of tongue (suprahyoid space) and thyrohyoid space  Laryngoscopic Findings  Intact vocal fold mobility bilaterally Medial supraglottic compression  Medium size, sessile, opaque lesions located on the left and right mid-membranous vocal folds, appearing consistent with soft/acute vocal fold nodules  Stroboscopic Findings  Intact mucosal wave and vertical phase difference Intact amplitude of vibration Frequent irregularity/aperiodicity in vocal fold vibration  Incomplete hourglass closure characterized by complete closure at site of the bilateral lesions but with medium-sized gaps anterior and posterior to site of lesions.  Glottal closure appears to be approximately a bit more open-phase predominant.3   List three deviant voice quality features that you expect to hear throughout the evaluation. Additionally, describe which laryngoscopic and/or stroboscopic finding you think is most likely contributing each individual deviant voice quality feature. During the evaluation, you also take some acoustic and aerodynamic voice measures. You are not surprised that, when compared to normative data, the cepstral peak prominence and /s/ to /z/ ratio are relatively (pick one):a. High for CPP (>= 14.4) and high for s/z ratio (>= 1.4) b. High for CPP (>= 14.4) and low for s/z ratio (<= 0.8) c. Low for CPP (< 14.4) and high for s/z ratio (>= 1.4) d. Low for CPP (< 14.4) and low for s/z ratio (<= 1.4)  You agree with the ENT in that you believe she would benefit from a course of voice therapy focusing on improved vocal efficiency. You want to get an idea of how she will respond to voice therapy and decide to do some stimulability testing at the end of your evaluation. List 3 different voicing tasks that you may try to see if she is stimulable for improved vocal efficiency. For each voicing task, provide one to two sentences describing the physiologic rationale for choosing that specific voice tasks.     Dysphagia Assessment A 70-year old male with Parkinson's Disease presents to your outpatient clinic at the recommendation of his physician.  He ambulates with assistance (using a walker), has a masked facial quality, and mild hypokinetic dysarthria.  He denies any difficulty with swallowing, including no coughing, choking, or sensation of sticking when eating or drinking. You are asked to complete an evaluation and determine candidacy for dysphagia treatment.   Provide one reason why you would want to proceed with a clinical evaluation in this individual, despite them indicating that he has no difficulty with swallowing.   Provide two reasons why you want to include testing of cough function in your bedside evaluation.   What objective, imaging study would you recommend to validate your clinical findings? Explain the rationale behind your choice of study. Discuss three potential findings from your chosen objective swallowing study.   Cleft Palate Assessment Tony is an 8-year-old boy born with complete bilateral cleft lip and palate and had his lip repaired at 11 weeks and his palate repaired at 13 months.  He has quite obvious nasal emission for fricatives, affricates, and alveolar stops.  All other high pressure sounds are produced appropriately.  Resonance is within normal limits.  Tony has been receiving speech therapy in his school for the past 2 years.  His parents say that his speech has not improved and may even have gotten worse.  The surgeon at the Hoffman Children's Hospital has asked you to determine whether he needs a secondary surgery for speech.   What is your assessment protocol for his speech? Be sure to include what factors you might rely upon to determine whether he needs speech treatment or further surgical management.   Literacy Assessment You are assessing a third grader who is a monolingual speaker of English who is suspected of having dyslexia.  Define dyslexia. You are using the simple view of reading to guide your assessment.  Discuss what the simple view of reading is.    It is possible that the child has dyslexia; however, the child may have a different type of reading disorder.  Based on the simple view, indicate what area(s) a child with the following reading disorders would have a deficit in:  (a) dyslexia, (b) specific comprehension deficit and (c) mixed reading disorder.  What areas of language and reading would you evaluate when assessing this child?
Parts of the skeletal system includes __________.
The two major functional properties of neurons are ________.
What is a discriminated occasion?
According to your textbook, what kind of supporting material is used in the following speech excerpt:Imagine yourself driving down the freeway on your way to work. You see lights flashing in your rear-view mirror. You turn to see the police officer pulling you over. Were you speeding? No, says the officer, but he needs to search your vehicle as part of a new program to stop drug trafficking. Does he have a warrant? He says he doesn't need one. You protest, but the officer carries out his search anyway. The officer finds nothing, but by the time he is done, you are very late for work.
Which behavior indicates that the treatment plan for a child diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder was effective? The child:
Which point of view should you use in a literary analysis essay?
In a recent study, _____ mothers' parenting was linked to toddlers' lower emotional competence, while _____ mothers' parenting was associated with toddlers' higher emotional competence.
Which of the following is a resource for specific actions to be taken by personnel dealing with a hazardous materials incident?
Draw the best Lewis structure for ClO- and determine the formal charge on chlorine.
Question #506IV dose to administer: 70 mcg/kg/min Weight: 67 kg Drop Set: 60 gtt set Drug Concentration: 2gm/500ml How many drops per minute?
Which of the following conditions might result in metabolic alkalosis?
The concentration of a NaCl solution is 7.50% by mass. How many moles of NaCl is in 100 g of this solution? (molar mass of NaCl is 58.44 g/mol.)
purudaunmeniyunoZhong karaZui moyoimonowoXuan binasai. (0.5 x 4 = 2)     Du miFang  a. Zhi shitekudasai.  [a] b. Da Xue Yuan niHe Ge shita.  [b] Han Zi  c. rikaisuru (1) Li +Jie  (2) Mai +Hong  (3) Li + (4) Zhai +Jue  [c] d. Zhu kewoyobu (1) Hu  (2) Hu  (3)  (4) Hu  [d]
Perform the indicated operation.  (x - 2y)(4x - 3y)Simplify your answer.
One of the main concerns about oral antibiotics is the potential for indiscriminately killing off benign bacteria in your gut, explain why this is a concern in the context of opportunistic pathogen.
When the compounds CCl4 and C8H18 are mixed, they will form a homogeneous mixture.
A patient who has a persist leukocytosis, Dohle bodies, and an elevated LAP score most likely has a(n):
At which level of protein folding would you see an alpha helix?
Which of the following best describes the second of the three-stage process of women's morality, as theorized by Carol Gilligan?
