Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.     His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together.   The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions.   For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse.   The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle.    Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life.   A motor neuron must open what type of ion channels to cause the release of acetylcholine?
The portion of a fingernail that extends past the end of the finger is called the
Describe the various work settings of a Respiratory Therapist.  Full points are given if the response is specific and proper grammar is used.
Consider the reaction shown: 2 CO (g) + O2 (g) - CO2 (g) + 135.2 kcal This reaction is _____ because the sign of DH is _____.
Which of the following is not true about celebrities before social media?
Greenfield is a method of entering a new international market by creating your own 100% owned subsidiary:
Ten tubes have 4 mL of diluent each.  One mL of sample was placed into the first tube, and one mL was transferred serially through the tubes.  What is the sample dilution in the second tube?
Which of the following are primarily responsible for maintaining the salinity gradient of the renal medulla?
It has been estimated that only about [r]% of California residents have adequate earthquake supplies. Suppose you randomly survey 15 California residents.  We are interested in the number who have adequate earthquake supplies.  What is the probability that at least [x] of the 15 residents surveyed have adequate earthquake supplies?    Round to 4 decimal places.
Exam1q4.pdf
What information is NOT used to analyze ASSR?
Which disciple is mentioned in Mark and Matthew but not in Luke or Acts?
Which of the following is TRUE about marginal utility?
The recommended dose of Penicillin G is 50,000 Units/kg/day in equally divided doses. For an infant weighing 4,200 grams how many units per day would be recommended?
An accountant is not liable for a false statement that affects the price of a security if the buyer or seller of the security knew the statement was false.
You were assigned to read a news article from National Public Radio about states in Mexico moving to ban junk food sales. Which of the following is NOT true about the bans that were discussed:
Identify the entire bone labeled "A"
Fear of loss can accompany even the most desirable experiences.  What strategy could you use to help cope with change?
An algorithm and its related trace table is shown below. Study the diagrams and give the values of the items marked A to F:   Right click on the button to open the picture in a new tab
Students are most likely to use conventional spelling in the:
