V. Lectura. Lee el texto abajo y contesta las preguntas al fin.   Del SMS al tweet para quedadas masivas (Saray Ceballos)             (Adaptado de Mas: espanol intermedio 114) Cuando no existian los moviles, cuando los ordenadores eran, simplemente, un objeto de oficina, quedar con los amigos era cuestion de tener suerte y encontrarlos en casa en el momento en el que se les llamaba al fijo. Los tiempos han cambiado y las tecnologias han hecho la vida un poco mas facil o, cuanto menos, con mas posibilidades para la localizacion de personas y la comunicacion con ellas. Como paradigma de este fenomeno, las redes sociales se han convertido en un medio de comunicacion multitudinario en el que una quedada entre dos amigos ha dado paso a un nuevo fenomeno social: los flashmobs. Traducido al castellano significa "accion instantanea" y el objetivo es reunir a un grupo de personas, desconocidas entre si, en un lugar publico para hacer algo juntos, y posteriormente, desaparecer. ?La finalidad? Pasar el rato. Asi cual bola de nieve, los usuarios de las redes sociales van organizando estas concentraciones de gente a traves de diferentes herramientas tecnologicas como pueden ser blogs, chats, comunidades virtuales o foros, entre otros. El 3 de junio de 2003, Manhattan vio nacer este fenomeno planteado como un simple experimento. Sin embargo, son ya muchas las ciudades, repartidas por todo el mundo, que han vivido uno: una guerra de almohadas en Madrid, un baile improvisado en la estacion de Amberes, en Belgica, o abrazos gratis por las calles de Paris son solo algunos ejemplos de flashmob. Santander ya ha vivido el suyo con motivo de la celebracion del Dia de Orgullo Gay. En la convocatoria se instaba a acudir con camisetas que tuvieran los colores de la bandera del movimiento homosexual (rojo, naranja, amarillo, verde, azul o violeta) y representar asi entre todos la ensena.        ?Que es un flashmob? (1 puntos) ?Podemos afirmar que el flashmob es un fenomeno internacional? ?Por que? (2 puntos) ?Cuales son algunas razones o motivos que se han usado para hacer convocatorias de flashmobs? (3 puntos) Imagina que tienes la oportunidad de organizar un flashmob, ?que celebra? ?que va a ocurrir? (4 puntos)
A purchase of Treasury securities by the Fed leads to a(n) ____ in interest rates and a(n) ____ in the level of business investment.
Assuming the same set-up as above (1 KB virtual address space, base=10000, bounds=1024, relative to the base register), what is the range of virtual addresses can be legally accessed by the running program? Why?
Which is the sequence of elements in order of heaviest to lightest?
If the enslaved children missed picking off a tobacco hornworm, how were they punished?
A function that is one-to-one and onto is called a bijection.
Arson in which serious bodily injury or death occurs is a:
This quiz is closed book, closed internet, closed friends, etc.    "On my honor, as a Mississippi State University student, I have neither given nor received unauthorized assistance on this academic work."
Accumulation of glutamate in the synaptic cleft may be a contributing factor in the development of:
Which of the following medications is used to treat athlete's foot, ringworm and jock itch?
Poole Co. owns 80% of Sullen Corporation's common stock. During October, Sullen sold merchandise to Poole for $250,000. At December 31, 40% of this merchandise remains in Poole's inventory. Gross profit percentage for Sullen was 30%. The amount of intra-entity gross profit in inventory that should be eliminated in the consolidation process is
Use the following information to answer Questions 11 - 15.  Suppose a response variable  has categories:  1 = Agree 2 = Somewhat Agree 3 = Somewhat Disagree 4 = Disagree   is a binary predictors taking values 1/0 for Yes/No and  is a numerical predictor. A proportional odds (PO) model is fit to the data, and the resulting output is shown below. Coefficients: Value Std. Error t valueX1 -1.1112 0.6109 -1.819X2 0.3189 0.1210 2.35Intercepts: Value Std. Error t value1|2 -0.2819 0.6423 -0.43892|3 1.2128 0.6607 1.83573|4 2.2094 0.7210 3.0644Residual Deviance: 99.0979
12. The figure shows details of the process of anaerobic metabolism in an animal cell. This form of metabolism is often called "anaerobic" because there is insufficient ___________ in the mitochondrion.
By name, the cranial nerve associated with movement of the tongue is the _____ nerve.
What is the correct filing order for the following four names?  (1) Interstate Roofing Company  (2) ICU Computers, Inc.  (3) Investigations by Sandusky  (4) Roberta D. Ingalls
Case Study #2 BT is a 51 yo male with chronic "heartburn." He is 5'8", weighs 220 lbs, and is physically inactive. BT is a non-smoker.  Which of the following regarding this condition is FALSE?
Which of the following drugs used for therapeutic purposes are also the most often stolen prescriptions and the most abused in the United States today?
The client returns 4 weeks after the initial periodontal debridement. Which of the following is the single BEST criterion for evaluating the success of this treatment?
The tibial nerve... (3)
How are visual information separated from pain information to the CNS?
