Required:   Insert a table (use the formatting below as a guide) to prepare the necessary journal entry(ies) required in the Capital Projects Fund to record the following transactions related to the construction of a building by Saffron City.  Saffron City adopts a formal budget and uses encumbrance accounting.  The City adopts a capital budget at the beginning of the year.  To finance the construction of the building, the City anticipates receipt of a transfer $3 million from its General Fund, sale of $2 million of general obligation bonds, and receipt of a state grant of $1 million. It appropriates $6 million for construction. The City General Fund transfers $3 million to the Capital Projects Fund for the new construction project. The state approves the City's application for a $1 million construction grant and simultaneously sends a check to the City. The grant is expenditure driven and thus requires that Saffron City incur qualifying expenditures. Saffron City awards a construction contract in the amount of $5.4 million for the construction of the building. The City issues $2 million face value of general obligation bonds to help finance the construction and received proceeds of $2.5 million.  The bond covenant states that any bond premiums must be used for debt service payments accounted for in the City's Debt Service Fund.  The City pays $15,000 in bond issue costs associated with these bonds. The contractor sends a progress billing to Saffron City in the amount of $3.2 million. The bill is approved by the City's engineers and a payable for the construction costs is prepared, less a 10% retainage pending completion of the building and final approval by the City. For purposes of the state construction grant, Saffron City assigns the first $1 million of the billing to be the state's share of the cost. The payable for construction costs in f., above, is paid. The contractor completes construction and sends Saffron City a bill for the remaining $2.2 million. The City's engineers inspect the building and spent $40,000 to hire another contractor to remedy any defects identified. After all work is completed to correct the defects and a final inspection is made, the City approves and pays the final payment on the construction contract.  Be sure to label each entry using the lettering above (A-J). Journal entry formatting guide:    Debit account 1  Debit amount 1    Debit account 2  Debit amount 2     Credit account 1  Credit amount 1    Credit account 2  Credit amount 2
Host defense mechanisms - ways in which the body protects itself from pathogens - can be thought of as an army consisting of how many lines of defense?
________ is a method of segmenting markets based on where people live. (Ch. 6)
The ova of which Schistosoma species has a prominent terminal spine?
The nurse knows that which critical thinking skill is the safest? Choose the best answer.
What is the expected freezing point of a 0.50 m solution of Li2SO4 in water? Kf for water is 1.86degC/m.
Honorlock will be used for at least one major exam, but not the final exam.
Gliding joints are found:
Endocrine cells
Which patient is more likely to receive a kidney transplant:
What role does oxytocin play in lactation?
Carrie is a full-time physician and Ken is a full-time school teacher. Who likely does most of the housework and childcare?
Arteries are smaller than arterioles.
There are two kinds of discriminative stimuli: their symbols are S (D) and S (see-delta)
Refer to the following figure to answer the questions below.How many electrons will a single atom of sulfur with no charge and no bonds have in its valence shell?
During the 1920s, the U.S. government
Intellectual abilities like broad visual perception, fluid intelligence, and processing speed are types of intelligence called ___.
The people in the room across the hall__ were playing their TV so loudly that we couldn't hardly hear each other speak.
Which of the following pairs will form ionic bonds with one another?
Decide if each of the statements below is true or false. Give a brief explanation (i.e., one or two sentences) for why you chose your answer. To receive any credit at all you must provide an explanation. 1. (c) In the algorithms we've shown in class, we never test the same attribute twice along one path in a decision tree. Someone argued that testing the same attribute twice is inefficient and unnecessary. This argument is correct whether our attributes are discrete or continuous.
