HEWLETT PACKARD OUTBIDS DELL COMPUTER TO ACQUIRE 3PAR On September 2, 2010, a little more than two weeks after Dell's initial bid for 3PAR, Dell Computer withdrew from a bidding war with Hewlett-Packard when HP announced that it had raised its previous offer by 10% to $33 a share. Dell's last bid had been $32 per share, which had trumped HP's previous bid the day before of $30 per share. The final HP bid valued 3PAR at $2.1 billion versus Dell's original offer of $1.1 billion. 3Par was sought after due to the growing acceptance of its storage product technology in the emerging "cloud computing" market. 3PAR's storage products enable firms to store and manage their data more efficiently at geographically remote data centers accessible through the Internet. While 3Par has been a consistent money loser, its revenues had been growing at more than 50% annually since it went public in 2007. The deal valued 3Par at 12.5 times 2009 sales in an industry that has rarely spent more than five times sales to acquire companies. HP's motivation for its rich bid seems to have been a bet on a fast-growing technology that could help energize the firm's growth. While impressive at $115 billion in annual revenues and $7.7 billion in net income in 2009, HP's revenue and earnings have slowed due to the 2008-2009 global recession and the maturing markets for its products. Excel Sheet that provides selected financial data on 3PAR and a set of valuation assumptions. Note that HP's marginal tax rate is used rather than 3PAR's much lower effective tax rate, to reflect potential tax savings to HP from 3PAR's cumulative operating losses. Given HP's $10 billion-plus pretax profit, HP is expected to utilize 3PARs deferred tax assets fully in the current tax year. The continued 3PAR high sales-growth rate reflects the HP expectation that its extensive global sales force can expand the sale of 3PAR products. To support further development of the 3PAR products, the valuation assumptions reflect an increase in plant and equipment spending more than depreciation and amortization through 2015; however, beyond 2015, capital spending is expected to grow at the same rate as depreciation as the business moves from a growth mode to a maintenance mode. 3PAR's operating margin is expected to show a slow recovery, reflecting the impact of escalating marketing expenses and the cost of training the HP sales force in the promotion of the 3PAR technology.
According to Wilber, shared values are considered ______.
Freedom of the press is protected by the:
What is an appropriate-sized landing zone for a helicopter?
Abiotic vs. Biotic
When the subnet mask 255.255.0.0 is applied to the IP address 192.168.151.45, the masked address is
The treatment plan for a patient who has sustained a traumatic spinal cord injury includes mat exercises and activities.  Which of these is considered a benefit of mat activities for this patient?
During a client's peritoneal dialysis, 1500 mL of fluid is removed. The nurse monitors the client for which sign of a potentially severe response?
Weak or limp curls can be caused by:
An under appreciated aspect of the stress response is that stress makes you    (Written by Margarita C in your class!)
Money management refers to
Identify the process that is happening in this series of models.
According to Martin Luther, how was spiritual salvation obtained?
Mary is having trouble understanding how to do a math problem. Her teacher asks her just the right question and Mary understands the problem. Vygotsky would refer to the structuring process used by the teacher to guide Mary's thinking as:
What is the hypothesis that is tested for each coefficient in a regression analysis?
Use a substitution to find the antiderivative:
We wish to create a 95% confidence interval for the proportion. A sample of [n] gives a proportion of [p]. Find the upper value for the confidence interval. Round to 3 decimal places.
The nurse is completing a focused assessment addressing a patient's immune function.  What should the nurse prioritize in the physical assessment?
ELO 5.11 The degree of financial leverage is calculated by which of the following?
The nurse is assessing a patient in labor who has had an epidural block for pain relief.  Which side-effect is associated with this type of regional anesthesia?
