Section 9: Bid-Rent Curve Figure 1: The bid-rent curves in the City of Baltimore.          All questions in this section refer to Figure 1. The figure shows the distance to the downtown in miles on the x-axis, rent per square foot on the y-axis, and plots the bid-rent curves for the offices, restaurants, malls, warehouses and two other unlabeled uses. You are asked about the unlabeled uses in the first question.      This city is characterized by the crime rate that increases towards the downtown. Families, who are renting single-family housing, are mostly concerned about the crime rates especially because many of them have children.     Circle one option to indicate the best answer. Include your choices in the text box below. For example, you can write "1 A, 2 B, 3 C, 4 D, 5 E". You can use any other format of the answer as long as your choices for each subquestion 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 are clear.     1. [2 points] Lines 1 and 2 in Figure 1 plot the bid-rent curves of the business education and single-family housing uses. Business education benefits from the information exchange that allows students to get internships downtown as well availability of lunch options nearby. Determine which line represents the bid-rent curve of the business education and single-family housing. Based on this, select all correct statements about the bid-rent curves of the business education and single-family housing:     The land used for the business education is further away from downtown than single-family housing. Line 1 plots the bid rent curve for single-family housing and line 2 plots the bid-rent curve for business education. The bid rent curve for the single-family housing use has a positive slope. None of the above.          2. [2 points] What is the land, located between eight and fifteen miles away from the downtown, used for?     Housing and restaurants. Business education and restaurants. Office and business education. Malls and housing. Warehouses. None of the above.       3. [2 points] What is the lowest rent per square foot paid for the land that is occupied by the office?     $ 35 per sq ft. $ 27 per sq ft. Between $15 and $17 per sq ft. $ 13 per sq ft. $ 11 per sq ft. $ 0 per sq ft.    4. [2 points] What use does take up the most land (find the use that takes up the highest number of miles from the depicted 20 miles) in Figure 1?     Office. Retail: restaurants. Retail: malls. Warehouse. Residential: single family housing. Business education.       5. [2 points] Consider the effect of the stay at home order which decreases the restaurant consumption and mall visits by households. Both the restaurants and malls use has become less profitable. Hence, the maximum rents that the restaurants and malls are willing to pay both have decreased. Assume the bid rent curves for offices, warehouses, business education and housing have not been affected. How does this change affect the land use pattern within a city?     The bid-rent curve of restaurant uses shifts up. The land used for single family housing shrinks. The land used for offices shrinks. The minimal rent paid by the land use for single family housing decreases. The boundary between malls and single family housing shifts away from downtown.
What percentage of women with gestational diabetes will develop type 2 diabetes within 20 years after delivery?
A 45-year-old female presents to the clinic following left-sided mastectomy with swelling in her left arm.  There is no erythema or pain. What is the condition?
What is the correct name for FePO4
The stages of language and communication development in order of age of acquisition that occur between birth and 18-months old:  The first stage of language and communication development is reflexive communication, which occurs between 0 and 3 months of age. Reflexive communication that includes an interest in others occurs between 3 and 8 months old. The next stage involves intentional communication that happens between 8 and 13 months old. The last stage includes first spoken words, which occurs between 12 and 18 months old.
Social Darwinism is a theory that states that the weaker in society will die and the stronger will survive.
Hanno portato le lettere alla regina.
When sleeping the deep, long, slow waves are the __________ waves
Why should a rubber dam be used during root canal therapy?
Initiating the withdrawal reflex in both legs at the same time would cause one to
Which of the following is the weakest of political unions that is mostly based on economic history and a sense of tradition?
Round the number 12,645.38 to three significant figures and express the result in standard scientific notation.  When entering the exponent, do not worry about superscript.  Use the '^' symbol to denote what should be a superscript.
Of the following, which animal was NOT domesticated in the New World
Which of the following is an example of a plant-based protein?
Considering the macroscopic anatomy of a long bone name the part labeled "B".
When transporting a surgical patient on a stretcher, how should the stretcher be positioned on an elevator?
Lateral epicondylitis is caused by:
The development of fibrosis in environmentally acquired lung disease will ____________ compliance measurements, and will __________ the plateau pressure.
Evaluate this exponential expression:   70
The psychological dimension of time or how it is experienced is an important factor in what mathematical study?
