QUESTION 2: WORD PROCESSING     [24]     2.1   Open the document file 2_Signup. Remove the page colour.   (1)     2.2   Set the top margin to 2 cm.   (1)     2.3   Locate the heading 'Walk 4 Paws 2021 - Entry Form' at the top of the document.  Format the heading with a Small caps font effect. Change the paragraph 'After' spacing of the heading to 12 pt.   (2)    2.4   Change the drop cap in the first paragraph to appear as follows:   The distance of the drop cap from the text is 0.15 cm.   (3)     2.5   Locate the sentence starting 'The closing date...' in the first paragraph. Place the sentence on a new line in the same paragraph.       (1)     2.6   Locate the text in blue and use an appropriate word processing technique to format it to appear as shown below: (This is not a clickable link):     (2)     2.7   Locate the paragraph 'IMPORTANT: All entry fees ... in lieu of a receipt' and format it to appear as follows:   Also do the following:  Expand the character spacing of the word 'IMPORTANT' by 2 pt. Set the right indentation of the paragraph to 1 cm.    (3)     2.8   Locate the text in green. Use tab settings at 2 cm, 8.5 cm and 15 cm to display the text as shown below.     (4)     2.9   Locate the SmartArt diagram and adjust it to appear as follows:     (2)     2.10   Locate the text 'Cut here' under the SmartArt diagram. Use an existing tab setting to add a dotted line that extends to the right margin as follows:    Adjust this tab to 8.2cm alignment right.   (2)     2.11   Add a watermark containing the text 'Example' as shown below. (Note that only the watermark on the page is shown, not the other page content.)         (3)         Save your file as 2_Signup_Upload. You will submit your file in the next quiz after completing and submitting this paper..
What is the most frequently used drug in the emergency kit?
(10 points extra credit) Breifly explain the concept of wave/particle duality. How does this affect our understanding of atomic structure? For full points you need to explain the difference in waves and particles, how standing waves are used to visualize electron quantized orbitals.
The State wildflower of Florida is the:
Which of the following is not visible during totality of a total solar eclipse?
The nurse practitioner prescribed meperidine 1.5 mg/kg PO every 4 hours for pain. The child weighs 25 lbs. The dose on hand is meperidine 50 mg/5 mL. How many mL will be given? (Round to the nearest tenth).
What types of errors do check digits detect?
The following data have been taken from your company's financial records for the current year:    Earnings per share 15.00   Dividend per share 9.00   Market price per share 120.00   Book value per share 90.00    The price-earnings ratio is:
A cystectomy with ileal conduit procedure was performed.  The surgical technologist anticipates the need for a stoma
The central nervous system is composed of which of the following?
Which is *true* of software architecture? Select all that apply.
Coupons are effective at encouraging new customers to try new products and brand extensions.
Briefly discuss three clinical signs of colic in horses.
The two main types of fermentation are called
In lab we made a "cell" that contained a starch solution. We placed the "cell" into an iodine and water solution.  Over time the inside of the cell turned dark purple.  What best explains what happened?
Which of the following terms describes an increase in urine output at night?
Extra Credit: Use the given cardinalities to determine the number of elements in the specific region.n(U) = 125, n(A) = 40, n(B) = 60, n(C) = 36, n(A [?] B) = 15, n(A [?] C) = 18, n(B [?] C) = 14, n(A [?] B [?] C) = 8Find III.
We are still working with gasoline consumption data. Use the SAS output below and alpha = 0.05.    We are choosing independent variables to build a multiple regression model. From the options below, choose the independent variables that would be the most problematic if included together in a multiple regression model.
When measuring for the seat depth of a wheelchair, the measurement is taken from:
For mobile equipment, the source to skin distance shall not be less than
