Suppose the scores on a college entrance examination are normally distributed with a mean of 500 and a standard deviation of 120.  In a typical class of 15 students, compute the probability that the class average  on the college entrance examination lies between 475 and 525.  Round your answer to three decimal places.
What will the following code display?       int number = 7;      cout
VRAAG 2: SIGBLAD Jou oom wil he dat jy 'n sigblad moet opstel om die maandelikse wins en verlies per film uit te werk. Maak die sigblad Q2Monthly Income oop en bring die volgende veranderinge aan.         2.1   Gebruik die gepaste funksie om die opskrif GECKO GALORE oor selle A tot F saam te voeg en te sentreer.   (2)     2.2   Verander die lettergrootte van die hoofopskrif na 16pt en maak dit vetdruk.   (2)     2.3   Voeg 'n raam om die hoofopskrif.   (1)     2.4   Gebruik vetdruk en roteer die opskrifte van ry 6 met 45 grade.   (2)     2.5   Skakeer sel E3 met enige grys kleur.   (1)     2.6   Kolom D bevat die huurkoste van 'n film. Kolom E bevat die aantal kere wat 'n film uitgeneem is. Voeg 'n formule in sel F7 in om die totale hoeveelheid geld wat deur elke film gemaak is, uit te werk. Kopieer die formule in kolom F vanaf sel F8 na sel F21.   (2)     2.7   Voeg 'n funksie in sel B23 in om die totale hoeveelheid geld wat deur alle films saam gemaak is, te bereken.   (2)     2.8   Voeg 'n funksie in sel B24 in om uit te werk hoeveel keer 'n film uitgeneem is, deur gebruik te maak van die waardes in kolom E.   (2)     2.9   Gebruik 'n SUMIF-funksie in sel B25 om die totale hoeveelheid wat deur alle films in die 'Familie' kategorie gemaak is, uit te werk.   (3)     2.10   Gebruik die COUNTIF-funksie in sel B26 om die hoeveelheid voorraad onder die horror-afdeling uit te werk.   (3)         Stoor en LAAI die Q2Monthly Income dokument op.
A CPU has a frequency of 1 GHz and can execute three types of instructions:  Type 1 instructions require 2 cycle to finish. Type 2 instructions require 5 cycles to finish. Type 3 instructions require 25 cycles to finish.  How many instructions will be executed in one second?For each combination of instruction types provided on the left,select the closest choice (round to nearest) to estimate the number of instructions in 1 second.    Type 1 Type 2 Type 3 Number of Instructions in 1 second:   0% 0% 100% [ips1]   50% 0% 50% [ips2]   60% 10% 30% [ips3]
The patient was admitted with nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain.  The physician documents the following on the discharge summary:   acute cholecystitis, nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain .  Which of the following would be the correct coding and sequencing for this case.
An adult female had a complete cardiac work-up for intermittent palpitations. All of the findings were negative but the patient reported that these episodes made her anxious. What medication could be prescribed to help alleviate symptoms?
3. Which of these terms is the closest architectural type for how stupas function?
The enzyme lactase is found in:
Which blood vessel is directly involved in carrying blood away from the spleen, pancreas, and stomach? [A] In a fetus, the [B] shunts/detours blood from the right atrium to the left atrium. The [C] arteries supply the temporal and occipital lobes with nutrients.  How many vein(s) are there in the umbilical cord? [D]
Which one of the following strategies has the benefit of reducing competitive intensity by reducing the number of competitors?
Calculate the percent by mass of potassium nitrate in a solution made from 45.0 g KNO3 and 295 mL of water. The density of water is 0.997 g/mL.
Typically, which of the following sectors has a much larger share of the labor force in developing countries compared to developed countries?
Although you can use a dialog box to indent paragraphs, Word provides a quicker way through the ____ which is a ruler that appears below the ribbon in the document window in Print Layout and other views.
3.3.1   Voltooi die volgende tabel deur:  EEN voedsel item uit die lys te kies waarvan die hoof voedselgroep proteiene, kalsium, koolhidrate of vette is.  Verskaf die funksie van die voedingstof. Gee advies oor die aanbevole daaglikse toelaag.      Skep en voltooi jou eie tabel soos die een hier onder aangedui:    (12)            Hoofvoedselgroep EEN voorbeeld uit die lys. Funksie van voedingstof Aanbevole daaglikse toelaag      Proteien            Kalsium            Koolhidrate            Vette
Convert the base 10 numeral to a numeral in the base indicated.503 to base 8
The wrist bones are actually:
Who determines the boundaries for the circuit court of appeals?
Read the description of Daniela's semester, then answer the following question in Spanish. (5 x 1 = 5pts) Daniela es mi companera de cuarto. Este semestre ella estudia cinco cursos. Los lunes, miercoles y viernes toma clases de administracion de empresas, contabilidad y sociologia. Los martes y jueves toma clases de geografia e historia. Daniela camina de la residencia estudiantil a la universidad y cena en la cafeteria de la universidad porque sus clases terminan a las nueve de la noche. Los fines de semana (weekends) ella trabaja en la biblioteca. Le gusta bailar y escuchar la radio a  e  i   o   u   E  ?  n   ! ?A que hora terminan las clases?
How long does a major depressive episode last?
TRUE or FALSE: Gender identity always positively correlates with gender expression.
