Question 7 A computer scientist is hired to take over a project that was already underway when the lead programmer was fired. The time that it takes for the newly hired computer scientist to debug the project code follows an exponential distribution with a rate of 1/200 hours.  Assume that each work day is 8 hours long.   a) What is the expected number of days that the computer scientist will spend debugging the code? Enter your numeric answer in this canvas question.  (3 pts) b) What is the probability that the computer scientist spends between 100 and 300 hours debugging the code? Write the expression for your numeric answer on the exam template.  You may leave your answer as an expression.  (4 pts) c) If the computer scientist started working on the project on day 1 and has spent 15 days working on the code so far (so it is the end of day 15), what is the probability that she is still not finished debugging the code by the end of day 30? Write the expression for your numeric answer on the exam template.  You may leave your answer as an expression.  (4 pts)
At rest, a cell will have more ______ ions in the cytoplasm than outside the cell.
At the replication fork, helicase interacts with primase to regulate
Which of the following are LEAST LIKELY to be the primary means of investigating normality in a distribution X?
Match the biological activity to the correct aspect of the healing process.
This secretary of state played a major role in the Transcontinental Treaty and in the formulation of the Monroe Doctrine
Fill in the blank with the correct form of the verb ESTAR. Ella no ______ en la biblioteca.
If someone that you deeply care about is discouraged and down on themselves what should you do to help them?
The nurse is caring for a client receiving Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN) and assess for complications.  The nurse weighs the client daily and auscultates the clients lungs.  What complication is the nurse assessing?
The main operator for the second premise   ~[O > ~(~A v Z)] is:
Describe the difference between specialist and managerial products in PRINCE2.
Which of the following is most likely to be a contraindication for tocolysis at 28 weeks gestation?
This type of neural circuit consists of a single presynaptic neuron synapsing with several postsynaptic neurons.
The patient who has been taking high-dose corticosteroid therapy for a month to treat a severe inflammatory condition, which has now resolved, asks the nurse why she needs to continue taking the corticosteroids. What is the nurse's best response?
Which ion has the largest ionic radius?
Pertaining to the image, list the following:   Artist Title: Year(s): 15 yr. leeway: Location: Period (Movement)
What type of tectonic margin is the Texas Gulf Coast?
What is the first step in preventing deaths in confined spaces?
___________ is the suitability of water for a particular use based on physical, chemical, and biological characteristics.
4.3   Gee 'n voorbeeld van 'n diatomiese molekule uit die bostaande reaksie.   (1)
