The hardest mineral on Mohs scale is:
(30 points) Annual demand for pencils is normally distributed with a mean of 1,000 and a standard deviation of 250. The store purchases the pencils for 6 cents each and sells them for 20 cents each. There is a two-month lead time from the initiation to the receipt of an order. The store estimates that the cost to initiate and receive an order is $20, and recommends a 22 percent annual interest rate for determining holding cost. The cost of a stock-out is the cost of lost profit plus an additional 20 cents per pencil, which represents the cost of loss of goodwill.  a) (25 pts) Find the simultaneous optimal values of Q and R. b) (5 pts) What is the safety stock for the pencil at the optimal solution?        (35 points) One wishes to schedule vehicles from a central depot to five customer locations. The cost of making trips between each pair of locations is given in the following matrix. (Assume that the depot is location 0.)  Cost matrix cij:                                                To           From                 0   1   2   3   4   5     0       20   75   33   10   30     1           35   5   20   15     2               18   58   42     3                   40   20     4                       25     Assume that these costs correspond to distances between locations and that each vehicle is constrained to travel no more than 50 miles on each route (the 50 miles does not include the drive from and to the depot (0)). Find the routing suggested by the savings method developed by Clarke and Wright.        (25 points) Customers arrive in a bakery with an average time between arrivals of 5 minutes. However, there is quite a lot of variability in the customers' arrivals. The single server requires an amount of time having the exponential distribution with a mean of 4.5 minutes to serve customers (in the order in which they arrive). Consider this as an M/M/1 queue.  a) (10 pts) Calculate the average utilization of the server. b) (5 pts) Calculate how long customers spend on average to complete their transaction (time in queue plus service time). c) (5 pts) Calculate how long customers spend on average in the queue. d) (5 pts) How many customers are in the bakery on average?          (10 points) Please assign the inventory control models we have learned into their correct category (only one).  Inventory control models: (a) The basic EOQ model (b) The EOQ with a finite production rate (c) EOQ models for production planning (d) Newsvendor model (e) (Q, R) model with service levels (f) (Q, R) model with stock-out cost (g) (Q, R) model periodic review with (s, S) policies (h) Resource-constrained multiple product systems (i) Quantity discounts (j) ABC analysis (item A)   Category:      Known demand, continuous review Know demand, periodic review Uncertain demand, continuous review Uncertain demand, periodic review
As part of a functional assessment, the nurse is assessing an older adult's activities of daily living (ADL) and instrumental activities of daily living (IADL).  What piece of assessment data would most likely be considered an IADL rather than an ADL?
Two glucose molecules form __________.
Pick a computer or device that you own. First tell what type of device it is and then what operating system is on the device (be very specific here; Windows won't do). Next describe three (3) specific functions that the OS does for you on this device.
Peter Finn and Taylor McNeil (1987) define ___________ crimes as "words or actions intended to harm or intimidate an individual because of her or his membership in minority group.
Carbon skeletons to be broken down during cellular respiration can be obtained from
Merely a threat of violence is insufficient to render a confession involuntary.
What terms define digital image quality?
Barry owns a manufacturing plant. He also has a legal duty to not let his chemicals escape his plant and travel onto his neighbor's land. The chemicals from Barry's manufacturing plant, however, escape like Albert's and wind up in Barry's neighbors' water line too. One of Barry's neighbors named Calvin alleges that Barry's spill caused Calvin to have cancer. Calvin was diagnosed with cancer in 2005, and Barry's chemical spill occurred in 2010. Calvin has severe injuries from his cancer and owes medical personnel approximately $100,000 in medical bills. Has a tort occurred?
Most of the decisions human beings make are based on their values.  According to your textbook which of the following best defines the word value?
Identify the function of the structure indicated by arrow C
Which of the following is not a type of flow?
Which of the following is not made up of dense regular connective tissue?
One of the three questions every religion tries to answer is Why Am I Here?
What is a Medium?
According to the latest research, these genes play major role in inherited gene mutations causing several cancers:
What compound is the usable form of energy for cells?
All of the following are true regarding energy production in a muscle fiber EXCEPT:
Because most subjective, or psychological, properties exist on a continuum ranging from one extreme to another in the mind of the respondent, it is common practice to use ratio scale questions to measure them.
