Use the component method of vector addition to find the resultant of the four displacements shown in the figure.  The magnitudes of the displacements are: A = 2.45 cm, B = 6.55 cm, C = 5.20 cm and D = 4.50 cm. This is a long problems. You need to show detail steps of solution in work sheet and upload the work. Please show complete work for full credit. No credit is given for writing the formula and answer.
7.6   With the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. What requirements are necessary to enter South Africa when using the airports as the port of entry?   (2)             [10]
Group of fungi which are vital for the survival of many plants and increase the absorptive ability of roots.
Restriction of which nutrients may be needed for chronic kidney disease patients?
What chemical characteristic is significant to a monounsaturated fatty acid?
Choose all the arthropod subphyla that have mandibles?
Marsha got a Depo-Provera injection for birth control. How long should she use backup contraception?
Which of the following is not a built-in list method: append(), insert(), destroy(), clear()?
Rubbing stems of young plants a couple of times daily results in plants that are shorter than controls is an example of:
The patient has new-onset restlessness and confusion. Pulse rate is elevated, as is respiratory rate. Oxygen saturation is 94%. The nurse ignores the pulse oximeter reading and calls the health care provider for orders because the pulse oximetry reading is inaccurate. Which factors can cause inaccurate pulse oximetry readings? (Select all that apply.)
The solution that is basic is ___
List one advantage and one disadvantage of feeding whole milk, waste milk, or milk replacer to unweaned dairy calves.
Identify the structure labeled "R"
Circumstances exist under which Behavior analysts may disclose confidential information without the consent of the client.
Essay (10 pts) A body is found along a country road by a person walking their dog. The body is partially skeletonized with clothes and other personal items being found at the scene. Police suspect that it could be the body of an elderly man that was reported missing by his son 6 months ago. The son claimed that his father had senile dementia and wandered off one day and thinks he must have had a heart attack. You, a forensic anthropologist are asked to exam the scene. You notice that the skull has multiple fractures on the right parietal and frontal bone. There is also a cut mark of the right shoulder (scapula). A dislocation of the left shoulder with a tension fracture is present. A rib is fractured from what appears to be a small caliber gunshot wound. The forearms also exhibit fracturing of both the radius and ulna in the forearm. 1) From your examination of the body, does this appear to be a natural death? 2) If this is the elderly man, do you believe the son's explanation of how his father possibly died? 3) What does the tension fracture tell you? 4) What do the fractures of the radius and ulna tell you? 5) What do the fractures of the skull indicate? 6) What does the wound to the scapula indicate? 7) What other observations would you make? (Make sure that you are thorough in your answers. Give details.
Please choose the point of view that best fits the quote; only one is correct. To tell the truth, I was considerably upset and worried.
Which of the following is an accurate definition of communities of practice?
If you used 7 mAs for a first exposure at 36" SID, what would you need to use in the second exposure at 72" in order to maintain exposure?
Mycorrhizae help plants by all of these mechanisms EXCEPT:
"Hope" is associated with which morality?
