Choose the answer the correctly completes the sentence: A car that uses fuel cells as a power source...
Passage 4             "I cannot tell a lie." These well-known words, usually attributed to George Washington, are true of many of us. We don't like to tell lies because we get nervous and can't conceal our emotions; or because it's difficult to remember exactly which falsehoods we've told; or because we believe that sooner or later, the truth reveals itself. Yet other people are superb liars and deceive us with relative ease. How do they do it, and how do we know they are lying? Although lie detection is not an exact science, there are a few techniques we can use to determine whether or not someone is telling the truth.            One method of detecting lies involves vigilant attention to body language and gestures. A liar's physical expression is usually stiff and limited to a few arm, hand, and leg movements--for example, touching the face, throat, and mouth, or scratching the nose or behind an ear. Additionally, a liar tends to avoid making eye contact. Often a liar is uncomfortable facing a questioner or accuser and turns the head or body away. A liar can appear visibly nervous and may even sweat. Also, inconsistent facial expressions may indicate a lie, such as when the recipient of a gift exclaims, "I love it!" but waits to smile or smiles with only the mouth, instead of smiling simultaneously with the statement or smiling with the entire face.            Spoken responses can also signal lies. For instance, when asked a question, a guilty person becomes defensive, while an innocent one remains calm. Also, a liar uses the questioner's words to answer a question, such as when a parent asks a teenager, "Did you leave the TV on all night?" and the teenager answers, "No, I did not leave the TV on all night." Liars also may offer a vague answer instead of responding directly to the questioner's point. And because a guilty person is uncomfortable with silences or lengthy pauses in the conversation, this person may speak more than usual in an effort to convince the listener. If a speaker's words are garbled or spoken softly, grammar and syntax are off, and sentences lack assuredness, then there is justification for suspicion. Being observant of the suspect's verbal behavior, then, is another valuable tool in lie detection.           Technology also plays a role in lie detection. A polygraph, commonly known as a "lie detector," is a machine that records changes in blood pressure, pulse, respiration, and skin sensitivity while a person answers a series of questions. Although the polygraph is not always reliable, it has been used as an interrogation tool with criminal suspects or candidates for employment in U.S. federal government agencies like the FBI or CIA. Voice-stress analysis, which uses a microphone, tape recorder, and computer to measure tiny fluctuations in the human voice, is gaining in popularity, but studies indicate it too produces unreliable data. Similarly, brain scans display certain areas within the brain that tend to be more active when people lie, though their accuracy has been questioned as well.            Most lie detection experts agree that a combination of body language and other cues help us make an educated guess as to whether someone is telling the truth or a lie. Still, all these methods of lie detection, whether based on human observation or technology, will fail with experienced, confident liars who believe their own lies. "Yet other people are superb liars and deceive us with relative ease." (lines 4-5) The above sentence is a statement of
Phenols primarily show
Hot spots can occur ________.
Rice & Zegart believe that political risk planning is essential in the pre-investment phase, but that such analysis should cease after an investment has been made.
We studied hardware support that is provided by modern processor architectures to protect TCB data and code from untrusted user code. More specifically, we examined in detail the hardware support provided by successive generations of Intel processors. Answer the following questions for these processors. Provide a brief explanation that justifies your answer.  In the protected mode, what segment protection level (SPL) and page protection level (PPL) is used for kernel code that must execute with highest privilege? (4  pts.)  Kernel code in a segment with DPL = 0 will always execute with current privilege level (CPL) = 0. True or false. Explain your answer. (4  pts.)  With the VT-x virtualization extensions, at what hardware privilege level (or ring) does the guest operating system  run when the hypervisor is Type I? Assume that ring is defined by the CPL value.  (4 pts.)  With the SGX extensions, secure code can run in an enclave. In what execution ring does code in an enclave run? (4  pts.)  In VT-x, hardware support for virtualization utilizes four-level extended page tables (EPTs) to translate guest-physical addresses to actual physical addresses. When page size is 4KB, such a paging structure can translate 48-bit addresses. If we add another level to EPTs, we have a page map level 5 table or PML5 which has pointers to PML4 tables in EPTs. What size addresses can be translated after this addition of PML5? Assume page size remains the same and explain your answer. (6  pts.)
Which of the following is suspected in the person with a fungal infection of deep tissues?
Suppose that consumer (retail) demand for the Yeezy36 shoe is given by the equation: Q = 100,000 - 1,000P, where Q is the quantity of shoes demanded and P is the price per pair of shoes. The marginal cost of producing these shoes is $25 per pair, while the long-run average cost of distribution is equal to the marginal cost of distribution ($5 per pair).  If retail distribution of these shoes is only handled by a single monopolist firm, what is the wholesale profit that the producer of the Yeezy36 shoes will earn?
Which of the following discounts is affected by when invoice (billed cost) is paid?
Identify the gland that has both endocrine and exocrine function.
VRAAG 3:  VOLKSVERHAAL:  DIE ROOKKOMPETISIE KLIEK OP DIE KNOPPIE OM DIE VOLKSVERHAAL OOP TE MAAK:
What is the directional term for any structure toward the side of the body?
The nurse identifies the nursing diagnosis of Impaired Verbal Communication for a patient with expressive aphasia. What would be an appropriate nursing intervention to help the patient communicate?
In which of the following scenarios would an individual be likely to experience craving, according to the cognitive processing model?
Select the most appropriate response.In a random sample of 28 families, the average weekly food expense was $95.60 with a standard deviation of $22.50. Determine whether a normal distribution or a t-distribution should be used or whether neither of these can be used to construct a confidence interval. Assume the distribution of weekly food expenses is approximately normal.
A nurse is caring for a patient who will undergo a kidney, ureter, and bladder x-ray (KUB) procedure. What statement by the nurse is appropriate when teaching the patient about the procedure?
!A leer! - Abre los ojos  You have to read the following review of the film Abre los ojos for your film class. Read the review and decide whether each statement is are cierto (true) or falso (false).    Abre los ojos es una pelicula de Espana del ano 1998. Es una mezcla (mix) interesante de peliculas como Groundhog Day y The Matrix. Trata de la vida de Cesar, un joven que vive en Madrid. El protagonista, Cesar, tiene un accidente de coche que le destruye la cara; por eso, pasa mas de la mitad de la pelicula con una mascara. Despues del accidente, no puede distinguir la diferencia entre la realidad y el sueno. Actua la bellisima y talentosa actriz espanola Penelope Cruz, quien interpreta el papel de la novia de Cesar. El director es Alejandro Amenabar, quien tambien es el autor junto con Mateo Gil. Esta pelicula tiene mucha intriga y accion; seguro que les va a gustar a muchos.    El papel de Penelope Cruz en esta pelicula es la de la novia del protagonista.
The DRI for total carbohydrates for an average-sized adult is ____ grams per day.
You get in the car to run a very short errand. In fact, you are barely going a mile from your home and are in a hurry. You think it's such a short trip that you are not going to bother wearing your seatbelt. As you put your car into gear you feel very uncomfortable. So uncomfortable, in fact, that the only thing that make you feel comfortable is to put your seatbelt on, so you do. This is an example of reducing dissonance using which of the following techniques?
With regards to new product development, what is one tool that marketers can use to identify a gap in an existing market?
