You have cloned the gene and successfully expressed and purified a glutathione-dependent formaldehyde dehydrogenase that catalyzes the oxidation of S-hydroxymethyl-glutathione which is formed by formaldehyde (HCHO) reacting with glutathione (glutathione is a tripeptide of dglutamic acid-cysteine-glycine---the side chain of glutamic acid is involved in a peptide bond) a) In all known glutathione-dependent formaldehyde dehydrogenases there is an arginine residue that is critical for substrate binding. Describe in detail three different APPROACHES you would take to see if your enzyme has an arginine that participates in substrate binding. b)   You perform enzyme assays using purified enzyme in two different manners (A & B) and obtain distinct results (shown on the following graph).   A) Mix enzyme, buffer, NAD, and glutathione. Pre-incubate at 37 degrees Celsius for five minutes, add formaldehyde, remove aliquots every five minutes to measure the amount of reduced NAD. B) Mix NAD, formaldehyde, buffer, and glutathione. Pre-incubate at 37 degrees Celsius for five minutes, add enzyme, remove aliquots every five minutes to measure the amount of reduced NAD. Do not be concerned that the assay data does not go through zero as this has NO effect on the interpretation of this data. Instead, propose a rationale for why the results from performing this enzyme assay in these two distinct manners look different c)   To test your theory on the results shown on the previous graph, you perform a series of experiments looking at the relationship between glutathione and formaldehyde using purified enzyme. Describe in detail one step you would   You assay the enzyme in the presence of different amounts of both substrates (under conditions "A"). First, you vary the formaldehyde between 0.05 mM and 1 mM in the presence of 10 mM, 20 mM, and 40 mM glutathione. A double reciprocal plot of that data is shown below, where all three experiments produce the same result. Performing the converse experiment, varying the glutathione between 0.05 mM and 1 mM in the presence of 10 mM, 20 mM, and 40 mM formaldehyde produces the same data. What is the simplest interpretation of these results?
Action potentials for muscle proprioception travel faster than itch.
The user needs a list of all of the patients that were diagnosed a cerebral infarction or a cerebral hemorrhage. This is an example of a situation where what type of search should be used?
2.7    Waarvan, dink jy, droom die leerder?   (1)
When one investor borrows stock from another investor and then immediately sells it in the market, but with a promise to replace the stock at some later date, he or she has executed a transaction that is called ____.
Double-clicking the column line to the right of a column activates the ____ feature for the column.
Select all the structures that are part of the laryngeal system:
Which of the following sterilization indicators are also called spore tests and offer the highest level of verification?
Number 1 is identifying which part of the leaf?
You have a patient who you think is malingering.  You decide to perform a 4 BO test.  If the patient is malingering, which of the following would you expect to happen?
Which of the following is most indicative of an abdominal aortic aneurysm?
The function group that is found on all organic acids and generally has a carbon atom  double bonded to an Oxygen atom and also has that same carbon bonded to a OH group is called a _______________
The time between the prodromal period and when visible effects are seen in the manifest period of the illness is called the
Which disease is caused by the coxsackie virus and is caused by direct contact with bodily fluids?
Lucho Camacho le manda un mensaje de texto a Pia Lagos.
The nurse is providing care for a critically ill client whose urine output was 15 mL for 2 hours. After a thorough client assessment, the nurse calls the intensivist with report. Which information do does the nurse convey regarding background?
Study this diagram carefully:  Use this diagram and the pull-down menus below to answer the following questions:
When you started your refraction the Rx below was in the phoropter. -4.25+2.00x079 After you complete the cylinder power step your cyl power changed to +3.00x079.  What will your new sphere power be?
Rank these compounds from least to most polar.
While engaging in an activity that is somewhat unfamiliar to you, you begin to feel slightly uncomfortable. This is called the _______.
