Joseph whirls his 0.075 kg yo-yo in a vertical circle with a radius of 0.8 m.  Find the speed of the yo-yo at the bottom of the path if the tension in the string is 10 N at that point.  (Draw a free-body diagram with your written work.)
Which group during the Commonwealth (1649-1660) regarded the theater as an invention of the devil?
When determining the value of a retail experience, customers consider _____.
Nineteenth Century nationalism was built on
A patient with a pleural effusion is scheduled for a thoracentesis. Which action should the nurse take to prepare the patient for the procedure?
The above visual wavelength image is that of an S0 galaxy.
Which of the following processes does NOT occur during inspiration?
A patient just returned from a right radical mastectomy. Which action by the unlicensed assistive personnel (UAP) would the nurse consider unsafe?
Find the improper integral
What is the tissue in a plant where photosynthesis occurs?
Making up his mind quickly, Jim ordered two dozen red roses for his wife, hoping she would accept his apology.
Identify the setting of the excerpt of the short story provided above.
\             =o)  (o>           /\ _(()__Overloading___V_ //             \                \
Which of the above drawings represents a pure element?
Which of the following should be assessed and documented before administering an opioid analgesic? a. liver and kidney function studies.b. blood glucose level.c. respiratory rate.d. heart rate.
Why was Rome successful in expanding to the extent that it did?  In a minimum seven paragraph essay address the question in essay format.  As usual, include the who, what, where, when, why, and how in answering the historical question.  Hint - Use some Roman emperors and the legions as the basis of your discussion and response.
You are assessing a 13-month-old female who is running a fever and has been vomiting. While you are performing your physical examination on this child, you will MOST likely find that she:
QUESTION 4: FIXED ASSETS AND CALCULATIONS  (25 marks; 15 minutes)     You are provided with information from the records of Cheapcar Sales for the financial year ended 31 March 2021.     REQUIRED:         4.1   Calculate the depreciation on vehicles for the year.   (8)     4.2   Calculate the loss on disposal of the laptop, on 30 November 2020.   (11)     4.3   State whether you agree/disagree with the action taken by director S. Skelm to buy the laptop without permission? Give TWO reasons to support your answer. Refer to 4.2.   (4)     4.4   How are you going to verify that all assets are recorded in the fixed asset register?   (2)             EXTRACT FROM TRIAL BALANCE ON 30 MARCH 2021         R     Land and building   3 300 000     Vehicles          ?     Equipment   480 000     Accumulated depreciation on vehicles  (1 April 2020)           ?     Accumulated depreciation on equipment  (1 April 2020)   192 000                           EXTRACT FROM VEHICLES REGISTER  Depreciation method - 15% p.a. on cost price     Item    BH 34 GP   DG 51 GP   HG 01 GP     Purchase price   R180 000   R360 000   R420 000     Purchase date   1/10/2013   30/9/2017   1/1/2020     Disposal date       31/10/2020         Accumulated depreciation on 1 April 2020   R175 500   R135 000   R15 750     Depreciation for 2021   ?   ?   R63 000
One of the reasons you might struggle to lift a heavy object with your arm fully extended is because
EXERPT FROM 'THE OVERCOAT' by Nikolai Gogol When and how he entered the department, and who appointed him, no one could remember.  However much the directors and chiefs of all kinds were changed, he was always to be seen in the same place, the same attitude, the same occupation; so that it was afterwards affirmed that he had been born in undress uniform with a bald head.  No respect was shown him in the department.  The porter not only did not rise from his seat when he passed, but never even glanced at him, any more than if a fly had flown through the reception-room.  His superiors treated him in coolly despotic1 fashion.  Some sub-chief would thrust a paper under his nose without so much as saying, "Copy," or "Here's a nice interesting affair," or anything else agreeable, as is customary amongst well-bred officials.  And he took it, looking only at the paper and not observing who handed it to him, or whether he had the right to do so; simply took it, and set about copying it. The young officials laughed at and made fun of him, so far as their official with permitted; told in his presence various stories concocted about him, and about his landlady, an old woman of seventy; declared that she beat him; asked when the wedding was to be; and strewed bits of paper over his head, calling them snow.  But Akakiy Akakievitch answered not at word, any more than if there had been no one there besides himself.  It even had no effect upon his work; amid all these annoyances he never made a single mistake in a letter.  But I'd the joking became wholly unbearable, as when they jogged his hand and prevented his attending to his work, he would exclaim, "Leave me alone! Why do you insult me?" And there was something strange in the words and the voice in which they were uttered.  There was in it something which moved to pity; so much that one young man, a new comer, who, taking pattern by the others, had permitted himself to make sport of Akakiy, suddenly stopped short, as though all about him had undergone a transformation, and presented itself in a different aspect.  Some unseen force repelled him from the comrades whose acquaintance he had made on the supposition that they were well-bred and polite men.  Long afterwards, in his gayest moments, there recurred to his mind the little official with the bald forehead, with his heart-rending words, "Leave me alone! Why do you insult me?" In these moving words, other words resounded -- "I am thy brother." And the young man covered his face with his hand; and many a time afterwards, in the course of his life, shuddered at seeing how much inhumanity there is in man, how much savage coarseness is concealed beneath delicate, refined worldliness, and even in that man whom the world acknowledges as honourable and noble. It would be difficult to find another man who lived so entirely for his duties.  It is not enough to say that Akakiy laboured with zeal; no, he laboured with love.  In his copying, he found a varied and agreeable employment.  Enjoyment was written on his face: some letters were even favourites with him; and when he encountered these, he smiled, winked, and worked with his lips, till it seemed as though each letter might be read in his face, as his pen traced it.  If his pay had been in proportion to his zeal, he would, perhaps, to his great surprise, have been made even a councillor of state.  But he worked, as his companions, the wits, put it, like a horse in a mill. Moreover, it is impossible to say that no attention was paid to him.  One director being a kindly man, and desirous of rewarding him for his long service, ordered him to be given something more important than mere copying.  So he was ordered to make a report of an already concluded affair of another department: the duty consisting simply of changing the heading and altering a few words from the first to the third person.  This caused him so much toll that he broke into a perspiration, rubbed his forehead, and finally said, "No, give me rather something to copy."  After that they let him copy on forever.    In paragraph 1, the author describes behavior that "is customary amongst well-bred officials."  How is this decision important to the passage?
