In fermentation, glycolysis is carried out first, and then the product of glycolysis is changed into either lactate or alcohol. Why is lactate or alcohol made?
Use the following memo from Writing Help Central.   MEMORANDUM   DATE:  September 30, 2017   FROM: Meridith Bronson   TO:       Franco Marconi, Director, Research Programs   SUBJECT: Commendation - Henry Stapleton - Transport Demand Project   The purpose of this is to officially commend Henry Stapleton for his exceptional contribution throughout his assignment to the Transport Demand Project (TDP).   As you know, Henry has been working on special assignment with the TDP team for the past eight months. Now that he is about to return to your part of the organization I wanted to make sure that he gets some recognition for his significant and exceptional contributions to the project.   As a junior econometrician, Henry's role in the project was pivotal to its timely and successful completion. It was Henry who worked long hours, numerous nights and weekends with his small team of researchers, first specifying, and then testing the thousands of equations that had to be run. The quality of Henry's written work was also exceptional. His regression analysis summaries were always very well written and rarely required revision.   As a colleague and project team member, Henry was also outstanding. His upbeat enthusiasm for the project was infectious, and he seemed to motivate the entire project team. He was very well-liked by all team members, and in effect he became "unofficial" deputy project manager.   In closing, I would like to say that I have worked with many junior economists and econometricians over the years and have never run across one as professional and productive as Henry Stapleton was on the TDP. I believe that the organization as a whole should recognize his exceptional contribution to a major project.   Please let me know if you have any questions or comments.   Meredith Bronson Director, Econometric Research   cc: Henry Stapleton       Personnel file - H. Stapleton Meredith believes her letter will:
What are the 3 best strategies to lose weight and keep it off?
A patient with AIDS shows symptoms of herpes simplex.  Which drug therapy can be anticipated for the patient?
Identify the appropriate graph of the function
10) Even before organs begin to form, rudimentary versions of the shapes of bones begin to form in a fetus due to the A) activity of growth hormone B) formation of secondary ossification sites C) activity of chondroblasts D) formation of an osteoclast E) breakdown of hyaline cartilage
Evaluate the expression using the given values. Show your steps on your paper.
Lectura Read the conversation between Andrea and a counselor at a career center and then answer the questions using complete sentences.     ANDREA Buenas tardes. Estoy buscando empleo desde hace tres semanas y no he encontrado nada todavia. Quisiera dejarles mi curriculum.  AGENTE Buenas tardes, senorita. No se preocupe. Aqui la ayudaremos a encontrar un puesto que le guste. ?Cual es su ocupacion?  ANDREA Soy peluquera. En mi ultimo empleo, me pidieron que renunciara porque ya no podian pagar mi sueldo, ni el de otros empleados. La verdad es que solo he trabajado un ano, asi que necesito obtener mas experiencia.  AGENTE Claro. Por favor, llene esta solicitud para que en el futuro tomemos en cuenta su curriculum. Mientras usted hace eso, voy a revisar las ofertas que tenemos. Estoy seguro de que manana ya habra recibido por lo menos un mensaje de alguien que quiera entrevistarla. !Ah, ya esta! Mire: hay cinco ofertas.  ANDREA Gracias. Respondere a todas. Tambien tengo una pregunta: en su anuncio lei que ustedes dan asesoria gratis antes de una entrevista. ?Es cierto? Eso me sorprendio; pense que todas las agencias cobraban por ese servicio.  AGENTE Si, es gratis.  ANDREA Excelente. Entonces, quisiera usar ese servicio. ?Me da una cita, por favor?  AGENTE Por supuesto.   ?Cuanto tiempo hace que Andrea esta buscando empleo?
Recycling aluminum cans saves ________% of the energy needed to make the same amount of aluminum from virgin bauxite.
A trillion is equal to
Which of the following is the correct order of the hierarchy of complexity of the human body?
A  165 microF capacitor is used in conjunction with a motor. How much energy is stored in it when 119 V is applied?
Identify the time period for Aphrodite of Knidos:
The Qin dynasty collapsed because
At Shermer High School, there are 171 sophomores, 135 juniors, and 216 seniors.  The administration wants to assign the students to committees with the same number of sophomores, juniors, and seniors in each committee. (For example, there might be 4 sophomores, 2 juniors, and 3 seniors in every committee. ) What is the largest number of committees that can be formed?
Identify the correct step in solving the absolute value inequality |3x-1|+3>=4{"version":"1.1","math":"vert 3x -1vert + 3geq 4"}
Why is the Governor of Cyprus uneasy about the current war?
If you are shopping at a market in a country where you do not speak or read the language, you are most likely to understand how much to pay for goods if their prices are presented in
Which of the following functions match the lymphoid cells?
Which of the following is defined as the process by which all forms of life within an environment are totally destroyed?
