Step #1 (and explanation):
MATCHING (45 points: 3 points each) - Match the keyword with the BEST definition that corresponds to the keyword.  Not all keywords will be used; no keyword will be used more than once.
What is the formal charge on carbon in the formate ion, CO2H-?
This theory uses a combination of verbal and nonverbal actions to help toddlers learn desired behaviors and give up undesirable behaviors?
What are the ways that organisms obtain energy and carbon from the environment?   What are the names used to describe these organisms?
In what species do platelets like to clump?
Redness, heat, swelling, pain are the 4 cardinal signs of _______.
The antibody known as reagin is:
MOP 1 - INFERTILITY When an infertile couple brings with them information about treatment plans that helped someone else get pregnant, the nurse should:
Use the SAS output provided AND the partial SAS output below to answer the question:  What is the gasoline consumption (per mpg) when horsepower is [a]: Use 2 decimal places for all calculations.
The place where trachea splits into two primary bronchi is very sensitive and cough reflex is easily initiated from irritation/ inflammation in this region. The name of this tracheal bifurcation is:
Following x-rays of an injured wrist, the patient has been told that it is badly sprained.  The nursing student is discharging the patient; the nursing instructor intervenes when she overhears the student tell the patient
Which of the following methods would you NOT use to count the number of living (viable) bacterial cells present in a sample?
What disease causes the tricuspid and/or pulmonic valve to be immobile in a fixed semi-open position causing stenosis and/or regurgitation of those valves?
What type of muscle would you find in the muscularis externa of the gastrointestinal tract?
This genetic disorder occurs in females whereby they have an extra X chromosome
Match the product and what it provides you with
Name this Dutch artist who only painted for ten years.  Due to mental and physical problems, he committed suicide at the age of 37.  What is the name of the work below?
Which of the following is the most randomized form of energy?
The nurse is caring for a 4-month-old child who comes to the pediatrician's office with cold symptoms and appears pale. Vital signs are obtained and the child's blood pressure is 78/52 mmHg, a pulse of 98, and respirations of 16. The nurse is aware that:
