According to the research, how many of the victims of human sexual trafficking are boys
Iron and magnesium ions are similar in size and both have a +2 positive charge. Therefore, we would expect iron and magnesium to
A macromolecule composed of an amino acid is a _________.
212 degrees F=what celcius
Which of the following are determinants of service quality in a face-to-face service encounter?
Estimates of the energy required to process the food you eat.
The brightest and probably youngest surface of any moon of Saturn belongs to
Which cation has the highest extracellular concentration?  (H.2)
In the following formula    , F represents the temperature in degrees Fahrenheit and C represents the temperature in degrees Celsius. If the temperature outside is 77 degrees Fahrenheit, what is the closest temperature outside in degrees Celsius?
The nurse is admitting an older patient from a nursing home. During the assessment, the nurse notes a shallow open reddish, pink ulcer without slough on the right heel of the patient. How will the nurse stage this pressure ulcer?
Structural stability affects the organization's ability to:
For educational materials, you do not need to purchase BOTH access codes.
5.1.1   Who was Nat Turner and what made him different from most slaves?     (2)
According to the chapter on Eyewitness Identification, which of the following is true regarding eyewitness identifications?
Binary fission begins with
Which of the following hematology disorders will likely trigger an episode of DIC?
The most significant role played by pH buffers is to
Reading Comprehension: Read the article below and answer the questions that follow. Philanthropy by Design 1    Design is everywhere in our lives. Everything we use--the furniture in our homes, the appliances in our kitchens, the computer programs in our offices, the cars we drive, the buildings we live in--was designed by someone at some point. Design, therefore, can have a huge effect on how we act and live. Many designers are beginning to see design as a force for good and a way to help shape a better world.  2    The developing world, in particular, has a need for products that help improve lives. But many products that are created for use in the developed world are not suited to the conditions there. For example, some machines need regular maintenance or expensive parts that are not available. Even a stable supply of electricity is not always guaranteed. Accordingly, many products are rejected by the people that they are designed to help. Designers need to take the local conditions into account and create products that will truly appeal to the end users.  3    One example of a product that meets the needs of the developing world is the Chulha stove. As many as 1.6 million people die every year from respiratory diseases associated with indoor cooking without proper ventilation. The Chulha stove is a clay oven that is designed to address this problem and allow users to cook indoors safely. Designed by a team in India, the stove has a filter that removes toxic smoke and directs it away from the living area.   4    The Chulha design is free to local manufacturers and entrepreneurs. The designers hope that the stove  will be made locally and distributed by local suppliers, thus creating jobs. The stove is a classic example of "philanthropy by design"--designs whose main focus is to do good rather than to make a profit. The stove recently won the prestigious Index Award. This prize is given to designers whose products help to improve life in five main areas: body, home, work, play, and community.  5    Another Index Award winner is the Freeplay fetal heart rate monitor. This device helps caregivers to monitor the heart rate of an infant during birth. It is a lifesaving piece of equipment in situations where 500,000 women die in childbirth every year and there is often no expert medical care available. The monitor is tough and durable. Unlike other similar versions, it does not need to be plugged in. Instead, it is powered by a hand crank. One minute of turning the handle provides ten minutes of use.  6    A third winner of the Index awards for design is the organization Kiva, which created the Web site Kiva.org. Kiva is devoted to helping people lend money to small entrepreneurs around the world.  In many countries, enterprising people who would like to grow their own businesses are limited by lack of capital. For example, they may need money to buy raw materials or a computer to keep track of orders. They can go to the Kiva Web site to borrow money. Once their business expands, they can repay the money.  7    On the Kiva Web site, you can see photos and read case studies of small businesses all over the world that need money to grow or expand. You can then choose a person or a group to lend to and use your credit card to lend them money.  Usually, the loan amounts are quite small. The average loan is just $25. Investors don't earn interest, but they almost always get their money back. When they do, the majority of investors choose to re-invest the money and help out another entrepreneur in need. To date, Kiva has helped finance $75 million, helping out 180,000 small businesses in 52 countries.   8    The genius of Kiva is that the lending is person-to-person and small-scale, allowing charitable individuals to make a difference in a very specific way. This is different from conventional lending, in which the results are not usually so easy to see. The Web site is designed to allow users to "meet" the entrepreneurs, look at their photos, and read their stories. The Web site fills an important role by matching an entrepreneur with a need for capital with an investor. It has also helped to identify a new source of funding for the developing world--small investors who want to do some good in the world in a practical, specific way.
The majority of each tooth consists of a mineralized matrix of calcified connective tissue similar to that of bone called
Describe a ball and socket joint. Examples.
