A cat has come into the clinic dyspneic and blue.  Heart and lung sounds are          muffled bilaterally.  You have placed a catheter and have her on oxygen, but she        is not improving.  She is not stable enough for radiographs.  The doctor asks you      to prepare for chest tube placement.  Percussion is dull bilaterally.  Where do you clip?
Plants photosynthesize _____.
Dualistic thinking ___________________.
Which element is found in all proteins but is absent in carbohydrates or fats?
In a distribution that is highly skewed, which of the following measures would provide the most meaningful and accurate measure of central tendency of the data?
Technology map the following circuit onto 3-input, 2-output LUTs by specifying the IDs of the resources mapped to each LUT.  For example: LUT1 : 2,3,4 LUT2 : 10Use the minimum number of LUTs. Feel free to explain your answer for partial credit. All wires on the left are inputs.
Bile functions in digestion as a(n)
Although Jake is normally liberal in his political views, when visiting family he tends to go along with their more conservative opinions because he does not want to fight with his family over politics.  His conformity in this situation demonstrates:
Bonus Question: A bonus question has been provided for each exam, adding 6 points to your overall score (3 midterms that count toward final grade). Despite these extra points, sometimes a small number of students approach the professor after receiving their final exam score to ask for points they did not earn to "bump" their grade. To receive the final 2 bonus points, please select just one of the following answers - any one of which will cause the final 2 bonus points to be added to your overall score, bringing the total up to 8 points. If no response is logged for this question, the final 2 bonus points will not be added to your point total.  This does not mean that if there were legitimate problems with questions on this exam that students shouldn't inform the instructor and seek rectification. If a question on this exam was problematic, the instructor will evaluate this and make alterations as has been the case for the mid terms.
Eleanor would like to quit smoking, but she is unsure of the benefits, as she is 60 years old. Which of these is a benefit to quitting smoking that her provider should inform her of?
The family is unsure what treatment is appropriate for the comatose patient who is terminally ill. Which steps will the nurse take to help the family process this ethical dilemma? (Select all that apply.)
The nurse starts a cefazolin sodium 500 mg IV infusion (IVPB) on a client.  Five minutes later the client says "It feels like my throat is closing up."  The nurse stops the infusion.  Which intervention should the nurse implement next?
Identify the structure circled with the arrow on the above histology slide.
A 19-year-old male paraplegic patient has come to the department for a scan. He looks sullen, and when you address him, he responds with sarcasm. You accept this because you realize that this patient is still going through the grieving process over his newly acquired disability. You know that he is in the stage of
Which of the following is NOT a benefit of plants?
The ability to sweat during exercise is this characteristic (function) of human life:
Health literacy and numeracy influence the ability to:
A(n) _____ exists when there are functional dependencies such that Y is functionally dependent on X, Z is functionally dependent on Y, and X is the primary key.
Show the complete mechanism (all arrows, charges, etc.) for the reaction between butyl methanoate and ethylmagnesium bromide followed by an acidification step.
The client with a cerebrovascular accident (CVA) has residual dysphagia. When a diet order is initiated, the nurse avoids doing which of the following?
