Which domain of prokaryotes have monolayers in their cell walls?
An older adult is admitted to the hospital for multiple health problems.  Assessment reveals the patient has no teeth and is having difficulty eating. Which diet should the nurse encourage the health care provider to order for this patient?
Select from the following the two main methods used to detect exoplanets?
A patient is being mechanically ventilated on volume-control ventilation. The patient has ARDS. The plateau pressure on the ventilator is measuring 33 cm H2O. What should the healthcare provider recommend?
In a 2015 study of 990 incidents of police using deadly force, what was found to be the critical factor in a police officer misinterpreting the behavior of a civilian as threatening?
Define the term adaptive radiation as it applies to animal dispersal.
A strong, consistent, and stable tendency to experience positive and energizing emotions is the fundamental feature of what trait?
If a random sample of Valencia students is taken and a 95% confidence interval is constructed for the proportion who are employed full time, the best interpretation of "95% confidence" is:
Identify the type of reaction: single displacement (SD), double displacement (DD), combination (Combo), decomposition (D), or combustion (C). Complete the equations as needed, then balance the equations.  Blank coefficients will be assumed to be "1". HINT: The blanks given are all you will need. (7 pts, 0.5 pt per blank) (Write your compound formulae as H_2O to show subscripts, fill in 1's instead of leaving them understood) Type:   [1] A.       [2] Hg2(C2H3O2)2   +     [3] KBr       (r)        [4] [5]   +   [6] [7]   [8] B.       [9]C8H18       +     [10] O2                    (r)        [11] [12]   +    [13] [14]
A color edge is a manifestation of what element of composition?
Plagiarism is:
What element could be used as fuel in a nuclear fusion reactor?
4.1   As net 5% van die Suid-Afrikaanse huise papier herwin, waarheen gaan die res van die papier? Verduidelik waarom dit skadelik is vir die omgewing om nie papier te herwin nie.   [2]
In addition to FTC disclosure requirements, _______________ states have laws providing additional protection for franchisees.
A single older adult who has been losing weight involuntarily may benefit from
Substances that cannot be broken down into smaller compounds are __________.
What is a common reason people choose their career?
What is the MOST frequently reported infectious disease in the United States?
b) Watter persentasie mense met malaria is in 2002 dood? Toon al jou berekeninge en rond jou antwoord af tot die naaste twee desimale plekke.   (3)
1Yuy B. Trippin Mrs. Soandso ENG 1123 9 April 2018 2"The Duty of Daughters"             3"The Daughters of the Late Colonel" by Katherine Mansfield is a short story that recounts the lives of two sisters who bury their father and then find it difficult to think and do for themselves. 4The sisters try to come to terms with being able to act, think and live without somebody dictating their lives, but they are unable to break free from the restrictions that they have faced for so long as dutiful daughters. 5Because of the way the father controlled them, the sisters cannot disobey him, cannot step out into new experiences, and cannot make decisions without him even when he lies cold in the grave.             6The sisters are raised to stay out of their father's way and to obey his every wish. 7Their father imprisoned them within their own home, and now that their cell door is opened they are afraid to take a step into the real world. 8They have already missed much of their lives and are afraid that something could go wrong, because of this, they begin to become their own prison guards. 9They have been so absorbed with being dutiful daughters they still have wishes of their own they are unable to express those desires thus they submerge themselves even farther in their duties.  10While Constantia reflects on her life, she thinks "There had been this other life... getting things on approval, discussing them with Jug, and taking them back to get more..., and arranging father's trays and trying not to annoy father" (Mansfield 25).  11The reader thinks Constantine is about to make a leap into a new way of thinking when she expresses, "But it had all seemed to have happened in a kind of tunnel. It wasn't real.  It was only when she came out of the tunnel into the moonlight or by the sea or into a thunderstorm that she really felt herself" (p. 25). 12The tunnel is the life she lived under her father's control, and things like a scary thunderstorm or the raging sea seem more peaceful than an old, controlling man who demanded everything from her.             13When a priest offers to bring communion to them in their home, they reject the idea immediately in their minds. 14According to Marie Jean Zederman in her article "Through the Looking-Glass: Queens, Dreams, Fears in the Fiction of Katharine Mansfield," the daughters cannot accept this new experience "because they are worried about the rigid rules, how big the piano is, where everything goes, if Kate will come in at the wrong time.  What's the big deal?  Have communion.  Be close to God.  But they can't.  They are so used to following strict rules and being scared of when things go wrong" (35). 15Sadly, they are still unable to think and act for themselves. 16 Even their servant is an obstacle that the sisters flounder to overcome. 17They dislike her attitude towards them and have reason to believe that she is snooping in their things (Mansfield 25). 18Unfortunately, the sisters talk each other out of taking action against her.              19As the sisters try to get used to their father's absence, they find it impossible to make decisions without him. 20After his funeral, they discuss how mad he would be about them spending the money to bury him and seem to think that he will come back at any time to punish them for it. 21 An article says, "The sisters' actions and words when they start to go through his room are a prime example of how they still are unable to get past their father's death and control" (3).  22They think, "Father would never forgive them. That is what they felt more than ever when.... They went into his room to go through his things" (Mansfield 25). 23This reveals that they believe that even in death they have to follow his rules. 24"Even the title of the story reveals the sisters' situation: they are his daughters, his possessions, and their names and identities do not matter because their identity as daughters is completely tied to him" (Zederman 35). 25Every action that they takes shows the signs of their souls suffering from the weight of dependence that they have always been forced to endure and cannot eliminate.              26At the end of the short story, you see a glimmer of hope in the distance when the sisters realize that it has been a week since their father died, and both have an electric sense of joy, but it soon disappears (Mansfield 25). 27Constantia thinks about her life and what it could have been. 28In the wake of their revelation, the sisters begin to talk, but the words never come. 29Each is still afraid of what their father would say or do. 30When the one tries to get the other to say what they want to hear, the other pretends not to remember what it was they were going to say. 31The sisters are unable to take charge so they choose the life their father already chose for them.  For the following Works Cited page, do not pay attention to the incorrect indention. Canvas will not allow it to be done correctly.  32Works Cited: 33"Through the Looking-Glass: Queens, Dreams, Fears in the Fiction of Katharine Mansfield." by Marie Jean Zederman, Women's Studies, vol. 5, no. 1, Nov. 1977, p. 35, EBSCO, Access No: 5809062. 34Reisman, Rosemary. "The Daughters of the Late Colonel." Masterplots II: Short Story Series, Revised Edition,January 2004, pp. 1-3. EBSCO, Access No: 103331MSS12739240000959. 35Mansfield, Katherine. "Daughters of the Late Colonel." The Norton Anthology English Literature,  edited by Stephen Greenblatt, 9th Edition, vol. F, Norton & Company, 2012, pp. 25-35.
