Psari's, a company that sells fishing nets, provides the following information: Targeted operating income is $54,000; Sales price per unit is $10.00; Variable costs per unit is $2.50; Total fixed costs are $120,000. What is the contribution margin ratio? (Round any intermediate calculations and your final answer to two decimal places.)
Which of the following is an ineffective intervention approach?
Match the term with the appropriate definition.
Six basic processes of digestion (8 points)
Which of the following best describes IPsec?    Allows traffic from specific computers without authentication. Is a unique tunneling protocol that will reconnect a dropped connection. Is used to secure IP communication between network hosts. Ignores all inbound rules, effectively blocking all inbound connections.
What is the overall order of the following reaction, given the rate law?NO2(g) + CO (g) - NO(g) + CO2(g) Rate = k[NO2][CO 2]2
Name the muscle by the arrow
____ is the hierarchical distribution of social and economic resources based on whether individuals are male or female.
Pathologic Q waves will be at least ____ the R wave amplitude and greater than ___ seconds.
This organization was used by the Saudi government to counter leftist nationalists in the 50s and 60s, but since the 1990s, and especially after the Arab Spring, is perceived as a threat to the Kingdom.
A speaker's credibility can change during the course of her or his speech.
A pipe carrying a flow rate of 20L/s of an unknown fluid starts with a diameter of 3 cm, then narrows down to a diameter of 0.8 cm. You measure that the difference in the pressures of the fluid at the large and the small sections of the pipe is exactly 1 atm. A) what is the velocity of the fluid in the small section of the pipe? (5 pts) B) what is the density of the fluid? (5 pts)
Jake has a positive attitude towards the song Bangarang by Skrillex. Which of the following would reflect the behavioral component of his attitude towards this song?
What type of stimuli are detected by baroreceptors?
According to DNA evidence, the lizards on the same island are more closely related to each other than they are to similar-looking lizards on different islands.
A nursing instructor explains that a three part complete nursing diagnosis statement consists of:
A hypothetical bacterium swims among human intestinal contents until it finds a suitable location on the intestinal lining. It adheres to the intestinal lining using a feature that also protects it from bacteriophages and dehydration. Fecal matter from a human in whose intestine this bacterium lives can spread the bacterium, even after being mixed with water and boiled. The bacterium is not susceptible to the penicillin family of antibiotics. It contains no plasmids and relatively little peptidoglycan. This bacterium's ability to survive in a human who is taking penicillin pills may be due to the presence of which of the following? 1. penicillin-resistance genes 2. a gram-positive cell wall 3. a gram-negative cell wall 4. an endospore
Match the term to the alternative terminology.
Higher levels of residual blood in fish decrease lipid oxidation by the protective effect of hemoglobin.
What major benefits do plants and mycorrhizal fungi receive from their symbiotic relationship?
