Taste buds are monitored by cranial nerves
You may start your exam after reading these instructions. You are not allowed to download the exam or the formula sheets, or to take screenshots or pictures of them,  at any point. You will answer the exam on blank paper.  You may work on your exam till 4:10 pm. After completion, you can use your cell phone to make a pdf of your work and email it to your GatotMail address. Then open one additional tab in your Chrome to access your GatorMail mailbox (via https://webmail.ufl.edu, https://www.mail.ufl.edu, https://outlook.office.com/owa, or https://outlook.office365.com/mail/inbox), move or download the pdf file to a folder on your computer. Make sure to email the pdf to your GatorMail address; Honorlock will not allow you to access your private email accounts, for instance a gmail account. Do not include your scratch paper in your pdf. The pdf must be made on your cell phone,  not on your computer.  Upload the pdf to Canvas by first pressing the Choose a File button, located below the exam problems, by 4:30 pm. After Canvas tells you that your file has been successfully uploaded, press the Submit Quiz button at the bottom to exit. If, and only if, Honorlock or Canvas does not allow you to upload your pdf, please email it to takano@phys.ufl.edu.  You are responsible for keeping track of time. Honorlock will not warn you how much time is left. The penalty for cheating in this exam is an E grade for the course.
4.3    Gee die afkorting vir die woord in hakies:  Meneer gee vir die kinders rekenaars as 'n vak.  Hy gee nie (Afr.) as 'n vak nie.    (1)
Complete each problem on your own paper. When you are finished show each page (front and back) to the camera then scan your work and upload to the "Upload Exam Here" assignment in the Exam module. You are expected to upload your solutions while being proctored. You should be able to upload directly from your phone to the assignment. Exam
Choose the vocabulary word that best completes the sentenceMe gustan las ciencias. Por eso (that's why) tomo ___________
Which of the following is a similarity in email messages and memos?
Which one of the following cannot be measured by a urine dipstick?
Pick the performance medium for a piece written for 3 violins, viola, 2 cellos and bass.
Match each type of mechanized work transport to its description.
How is ATP generated in the reaction shown in the Figure?
What is the real GDP if nominal GDP is $15 trillion and the price deflator is 1.5?
GRAMATICA Select the sentence that uses the appropriate direct object pronoun.  1. El botones lleva unas maletas a la habitacion. [answer1] a) la lleva           b) los lleva          c. las lleva   2. Estan haciendo un viaje de dos semanas. [answer2] a) Estan haciendolo           b) Estan haciendola          c) Estan haciendolos   3. Fabiola me invita a la fiesta y tambien invita a Sabrina. [answer3] a) las invita          b) me invita          c) nos invita   4. Norma quiere comprar una motocicleta. [answer4] a) quiere comprarlo          b) quiere comprarla          c) quiere comprarlas   5. El empleado no entiende a un huesped. [answer5] a) no la entiende          b) no lo entiende          c) no me entiende   Use the following if you need to copy and paste an "acento" or anything else. a e i o u ? ! n
Which generic structure below represents a cyanohydrin?
How did Ronald Reagan win the White House according to the textbook?
Write the following number in expanded form: 7,684
Psychological research on sleep and memory has found that staying up all night to study for an exam is likely to:
Besides a mountainous climate, China has which additional climates:
You are watching baby Sammy and give him some blocks to play with. Immediately, Sammy puts one of the blocks in his mouth. Sammy is in which stage of cognitive development?
Identify hazard class associated with pictogram E.
If 1-year interest rates for the next three years are expected to be 6, 4, and 5 percent, and the 3-year term premium is 2 percent, than the 3-year bond rate will be
