Free Response 3 free response questions.  The first two problems are worth seven (7) points and the third is worth twenty-one (21) points.  A total of 35 points is possible on the free response part. Write the solution to each question neatly on your own paper. Clearly separate and label each question.  Failure to do so may result in a penalty to your free response score. When you are finished with all five questions, scan/take a picture of all of your work and upload it in a SINGLE FILE to the free response question below.
What strategy can be used to keep a culture alive?
Which is typically the "pushing" force behind net filtration pressure?
This exam has three parts. There are 6 multiple choice questions (5 points each), 4 short answer questions (10 points each), and one essay question (30 points). In the open-ended questions, you will be graded on the accurate application of concepts, the degree to which you successfully articulate your argument, and your use of real-world evidence to support your answer. Good luck!
A patient who was diagnose with a unilateral vestibular hypofunction showed improvements in postural control and vestibular ocular reflex with vestibular rehabilitation. These improvements can be explained by which physiologic assumption?
Suppose a person has a tidal volume of 650 mL, an inspiratory reserve volume of 3,400 mL, an anatomic dead space of 155 mL, and a respiratory rate of 14 breaths/min. What would be the value of his alveolar ventilation rate (AVR)?
Match the following terms with their function: (terms can be used more than once or not at all)
The MLE of the unknown parameter is  a)
Data refers to:
About ________ percent of medical school applicants are accepted.
Los neandertales producian sonidos mas nasalizados porque tenian el paladar mas adelantado.
4.1   Gee die twee karaktereienskappe van homself wat Siswe noem.   (2)
List the intermolecular forces (IMFs) for each compound. Which compound would you predict to have the lowest boiling point?  Lowest boiling point is 4 and highest boiling point is 1.  You cannot just list the IMFs or state that one is stronger than another.  You need to explain the reasoning behind why one IMF is stronger/weaker than another.  Type your answer below.
A labeling mechanism by which a person in power assigns a label to an offender, such as when a prosecuting attorney arranges a plea bargain with an offender.
Which of the following are found in all segments of the small intestine?
Efforts to improve health in low- and middle-income countries include
Edward Jenner's early work on protecting people from smallpox involved ....
If your doctor notices a marked decrease in calcium ion levels in your blood, what gland might he suspect is not functioning properly and why?
What is the name of the movement of water from an area of high concentration to an area of low concentration?
The language of the Incas is
