3) A student set up an experiment to test if Ibuprofen (a drug used to treat fever and pain) affects plant growth. Five hundred pea plants, growing in pots, were treated with 50 mg of Ibuprofen and left for a week. After a week, student measured the height of each plant and found the average height 10 cm. The lab student concluded that Ibuprofen reduces the plant growth. What critique would you make of the experimental design? a) The experiment was not precise, meaning it was not reproducible. b) There was not a large enough sample of pea plants used to get adequate data. c) The student did not have a clearly stated hypothesis before beginning the experiment. d) There was no control to compare if the plant height is really inhibited by the effect of Ibuprofen or other factors.
During a physical examination on an older adult male you note a 7 cm, fixed, non-tender, hard lymph node in his supraclavicular area. What would this lead you to consider?
Endocrine signals are transmitted more slowly than paracrine signals because ___________.
________ thinking produces one correct answer and characterizes the kind of thinking that is required on conventional tests of intelligence.
Find an equation of the line that satisfies the conditions. Write the equation in standard form.Through (-7, 6); undefined slope
40-year-old military veteran Brienne T. comes to the floor after a serious motorcycle accident leaves her with a leg broken in four places.   She'll have it repaired with surgery in the morning.   The emergency room (ER) nurse reports to you that Brienne is otherwise unhurt and she hasn't had any drugs for pain yet.  When she was brought in, blood tests showed no opiates or other drugs in her system.  Dr. Snow confidently tells you to take a break, and says, "I can handle this case!"   5:00pm: At 5pm Dr. Snow gives Brienne the recommended starting I.V. dose of morphine (10mg every 4 hours) and her pain is relieved.  She even gets some sleep.   9:00pm: Brienne is resting quietly.  Dr. Snow gives Brienne another 10mg dose of morphine and leaves the room.   9:15pm: Dr. Snow checks Brienne. She is unconscious and not breathing. Her pulse is weak.           Dr. Snow yells, "Help!"   What is the most likely reason Brienne stopped breathing?
Four friends decide to meet at a Chinese restaurant for dinner. They decide that each person will order an item off the menu and they will share all dishes. When the final bill for the meal comes they decide they will split the cost evenly among each of the people at the table. In this particular case, a tragedy of the commons problem is likely because of each of the following EXCEPT
The glass and cast iron structures of the Industrial Revolution were inspired by tropical plant greenhouse design.
Use the product rule to find the derivative. f(x) = (5x + 6)2
Which cranial nerve is impaired if olfaction is altered? Give the name not the number
Convert the following metric units: 720 mm = _______ Hm
I am taking this quiz for my physiology course.
For a large set of test scores on a psychological test with a normal distribution having a mean of 50 and a standard deviation of 10 about 95% of the test scores will be between:
True or false. This tissue has elastic fibers.
In Dijkstra's banker algorithm, can the OS grant a request to P3 for 1 resource assuming the following state:   Total system resources: 11 P1:          Max(7)                 Loan(3) P2:          Max(5)                 Loan(3) P3:          Max(5)                 Loan(2) P4:          Max(4)                 Loan(1)   Explain why or why not.
What organism produces a toxin that causes antibiotic associated colitis?
Competitive intelligence generally does not benefit very much from gathering information on competitors from sources in the public domain.
After receiving 0700 report, which client should the nurse see/assess first?
Describe the structure of one organ in detail. Your answer will be a well-written paragraph.
The alpha-helix and beta sheet are examples of ________ protein structure.
