Reading Comprehension: Read the article below and answer the questions that follow. New Trends in Dining Out: A sampling of what is new and unusual in the restaurant business      Nowadays, dining out is about so much more than eating. Restaurants are seeking to add to the dining experience in many different ways, challenging our preconceived notions of the way food is ordered and even how--and whether--to pay for it. Fiona Hawley looks at some of the latest trends in dining. Waiters Need Not Apply      What if you could have a restaurant without waiters or serving people? This is the situation at 's Baggers Restaurant in Nuremberg, Germany. Customers order food by touching video screens at the table. The food is delivered to the table on a complex system of metal rails. Diners pay by touching the screen at their table or by punching a few numbers into their cell phones. There are no waiters or servers on the floor at all.      The kitchen is on the upper floor of a remodeled industrial building. The dining room, a spacious, loft-like area, is directly below. Chefs in the kitchen prepare dishes such as "organic beef in buttermilk" and place them on rails that lead to each table. The computer system tells diners how long the food will take to arrive.      According to owner Michael Mack, the aim is to save on service costs. He points out that shoppers can now do their own checkout at the supermarket and travelers can check themselves in at the airport. By eliminating the wages of waiters at a restaurant, it is possible to buy higher quality food and offer it at a lower price.      Mack is exhorting other restaurant owners to see the light and follow suit. Local waiters may be reluctant to agree. Pay What You Want      A more philanthropic trend is catching on in several locations around the world: restaurants where diners decide how much they want to eat and how much they want to pay. The One World Cafe in Salt Lake City is one example. The guiding principle is that anyone who is hungry should be able to eat good healthy food.      At the One World Cafe, there is no set menu, but the restaurant is dedicated to serving fresh food and local produce, made from scratch. The dishes have familiar names: pizza, vegetable soup, and quiche. The clientele is diverse: attorneys, school teachers, and soccer moms sit next to homeless people. When considering how much to pay, customers are advised to consider three questions: How much did you eat? What would you pay somewhere else? And how much can you afford?      While customers sometimes leave without paying, the vast majority do pay for their food and often donate a little extra. Those who cannot pay work in the kitchen and are given food vouchers to redeem later. Because people choose the amount the want to eat, very little food is wasted.      The restaurant--the owners prefer to call it a community kitchen--has been a lifesaver for some local homeless people, enabling them to eat well while saving money to improve their lives. It is popular with local residents, too, who are often willing to help with remodeling or cleaning, raise funds, or donate food from their own gardens. Owner Denise Cerreta has helped several other restaurants to set up a similar system, and pay-as-you-can restaurants have opened in Denver, New York, and other U.S. cities. Dining in the Dark      At Opaque Restaurant in San Francisco, diners are completely in the dark. There is absolutely no light in the restaurant, so you literally cannot see your hand in front of your face.      This is a scary experience for some and a challenge for all. For people who can see, it is like being blind. On entering the restaurant, customers are met by blind or partially sighted waiters who guide them to their tables and show them where to sit and how to keep track of their silverware. They order meals and check coats and bags before entering the dining room, in order not to distract from what the restaurant owners call "a sensory event in complete darkness."      It is indeed a sensory experience. Fans claim that when you can't see, your other senses become that much sharper, and textures and tastes become more defined- possibly because you are always trying to identify just exactly what that strange substance is that you're eating! Finding your water glass and cutting your food provides an additional challenge.      The food is gourmet fare, prepared by some of San Francisco's hottest chefs. The experience is one that you'll remember for a long time.
When a Dental Assistant is assisting the Dentist in a final impression the DA responsibility is to....... (put these steps in order using the numbers 1-6)1. Place retraction cord2. Transfer tray to dentist.3. Setup room/material4. Transfer light body to dentist5. Assists in removal of retraction cord6.  Mix and place heavy body in impression tray.
Clearly type out an answer for each point, analyzing the below reaction.   Label the alkyl halide as 1deg, 2deg, or 3deg Label the reagent as a strong or weak nucleophile. Label the reagent as a strong or weak base. Identify the mechanism that is most likely (SN1, SN2, E1, E2)
There are fewer antifungal, anti-protozoan, and antihelminth drugs compared to antibacterial drugs because these organisms
Most people take an average of ____??_____ to chew their food before swallowing it.
A meal promotion includes one appetizer, one main course, one side dish, and one dessert for the low price of $25.99. If there are three appetizers, 8 main courses, 7 side dishes, and two desserts to choose from, how many possible meal combinations exist?
What is the name of the structure indicated by letter C?
Lev Vygotsky viewed _____ as being crucial to children's development of skills and knowledge.
The discrete packets of kinetic energy found in light are called:
You are visiting Peru when the assistant to the Ambassador (a U.S. Embassy employee), while driving under the influence, smashes into your car and badly injures you and destroys your rental vehicle for which you must pay.  You may sue the U.S. government under vicarious liability and be compensated under the Federal Tort Claims Act.
When a client suddenly becomes aggressive and violent on the unit, which of the following approaches would be best for the nurse to use first?
The structure lamina is labeled _____.
Match the following algebraic tasks with their associated problem types.
Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.     His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together.   The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions.   For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse.   The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle.    Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life.   A motor neuron must open what type of ion channels to cause the release of acetylcholine?
Maternal breeds of cattle typically reach sexual maturity earlier.
FULL SOLUTION PROBLEM:  For the following question, answer the question here, but you must submit a full solutions including Given, Find, EQU, all mathematical step, and include units.  Work on this problem should be submitted to the work submission assignment no more than 15 minutes after the completion of this test. There is a point charge q0 located at a particular point in space. The magnitude of q0 is 5.8 mC. What is the magnitude and direction of the electric field due to this charge at a distance 57 cm from this charge?
Who led Vietnamese freedom fighters first against Japan in World War II then against the French after the war?
Data consists of the lengths of time that a sample of customers spent waiting for a website to load.  At what level of measurement is this data:  nominal, ordinal, interval or ratio?
Examinee Verification and Conduct:  You verify that you are the CS 354 student whose name you are logged in. You will take this exam individually. You will not share or discuss any part of this exam in anyway with anyoneother than your CS 354 instructor and/or your CS 354 TAs. You will not copy or post any part of this exam or your answers in any way. (This includes: Do not post your questions to Piazza). You will not use any electronic means to determine code execution. You will not use any means of electronic search. You will not use any electronic forms of calculating. YOU MAY USE SCRATCH PAPER but you may not copy exam questions.  This exam is copyrighted; you do not have permission to copy, save, or post any part of any question in any form before, during, or after the exam and doing so would be academic misconduct. Note: Canvas logs and Honor Lock records your exam and web activity and IP address. Any unusual or suspicious activity can result in you being kicked out of the exam.  If your session is stopped, you may close any un-allowed sources and re-enter if you have not submitted and there is still time remaining.  Students who's activity during the exam is flagged may receive an incomplete grade (i.e., letter grade of I) to allow time for the activity to be investigated. By continuing with this exam I am agreeing to abide by the conduct specified above. Violations of this agreement will be treated seriously and can result in course failure that is reported to the Dean's Office even if such misconduct is discovered after semester ends. After viewing these instructions, select next and then select ok in the message box that appears since there is no answer to be entered.
Which of the following base changes in DNA is an example of a transversion?
