Doctor orders Heparin 50 units/kg/dose subcutaneous daily. The patient weighs 93 kg. Heparin is supplied in a vial that reads 5,000 units/ml. How many mL/dose will you administer?
How does the ICD-10-CM Coding Manual list the codes?
21. Which type of periodontal ligament fibers extends obliquely from cementum to the alveolar crest?
What is the mass of 0.73 mol lithium carbonate? Answer in g. Do not type units. Do not use scientific notation.
If RR for an exposure-disease association is 1.7, then risk in the exposed is 70% higher than in the unexposed
What do we call the principle that we should prefer the theory that makes the fewest and simplest assumptions?
The RN working in the primary care setting is assessing heart sounds on a patient. The RN understands that the second heart sound (S2) is heard best at which location?
Low birth weight is defined as a birth weight of:
The nurse is conducting discharge teaching for a patient with diminished tactile sensation. Which statements made by the patient would indicate that additional teaching is needed?
Given the two acids below, which effect will influence the strength of the acid the most?
A patient has a plasma myoglobin of 10ug/L at admission (ref range: 20-92ug/L). Three hours later the myoglobin is 15 ug/L and the troponin is 0.02 ug/L. These results are consistent with what condition?
Calculate the formal charge on oxygen atoms in the following resonance structures.
How does mescaline from peyote causes hallucinations?
Name the type of epithelium (not the structure) of the highlighted structure in blue (be specific as necessary)
Kaitlyn titrates an unknown weak acid, HA, to a pale pink phenolphthalein endpoint with 25.0 mL of 0.100 M NaOH. She records the pH during the titration and makes the titration curve shown. What is the approximate pKa of the acid?
This pedigree shows the transmission of a trait in a particular family. Based on this pattern of transmission, the trait is most likely
Why did universalizing religions fail to arise in sub-Saharan Africa or Mesoamerica?
A health information management professional may attend legal proceedings and testify as to ________.
10.  What is the difference between an open-ended and closed-ended question?  In addition, provide one (1) example of an open-ended question and one (1) example of a closed-ended question.  Be sure you identify your Open-ended question example and Closed-ended question example in your answer so that you can receive credit for both.
You teach Y.L the benefits Y.L. could receive from exercising include decreased insulin resistance which could have a direct effect on lowering glucose levels. Muscle activity also improves glucose uptake for energy and improves circulation. It contributes to weight loss, which further decreases insulin resistance. The benefits of regular exercise may result in a decreased need for diabetes medications to reach target blood glucose goals in people with type 2 diabetes. It may reduce triglyceride and LDL cholesterol levels, increase HDL, and reduce BP. What statement by Y.L lets you know she might require more conversation about her exercise plan?
