Your patient with C7 AIS D in OPPT is not meeting her walking goals.  Based on the principle of repetition matters, you make the following recommendation:
Mozart's The Marriage of Figaro is an example of what type of opera?
Assessing and reporting HR metrics will result in better organizational performance.
For what output levels is total profit positive?
At birth, the newborn's brain is about _____ of its adult weight.
A researcher is conducting an experiment to evaluate a treatment that is expected to increase the scores for individuals in a population which is known to have a mean of 80.  The results will be examined using a one-tailed hypothesis test.  Which of the following is the correct statement of the null hypothesis?
The nurse is providing a client education about dysrhythmias. Which statement should the nurse include in the teaching?
When learning about cultural awareness, the student nurse realizes that the term oppression involves which of the following?
True or False. The Fed should not just look at economic growth, inflation, & unemployment rates, but should also keep an eye on leverage cycles, which exaggerate the episodes of economic growth during good economic times due to a decrease in lending.
A jogger is startled by the feeling of a moving object on his right side. It could have been a ferocious dog, but it turns out to be a newspaper page blown by the wind. What memory component is directly involved?
Treatment choices Please choose ONE of the five questions below. Remember to choose an area of treatment that is a different area from the area you chose for assessment in this morning's exam.   Queston 1) Speech Treatment Please describe how you would provide speech treatment for Laura, an 8-year-old girl who presents with velar fronting, as well as final consonant deletion.  She is fluent in English and Spanish and moved to the US from Ecuador when she was 4 years old.  Her phonological processes are evident in both of her languages.  She speaks Spanish at home and has been in English-speaking schools since pre-school.  Please describe one of the first activities (in detail) that you would perform with her in treatment and a general overview (in one or two sentences) of what you would work on for the next few months.   Question 2) Voice Treatment Your patient has a 3-month history of left vocal fold paralysis and muscle tension dysphonia following a severe viral infection. The vocal fold is noted to be immobile in the paramedian position. The patient presents with a reduced loudness, increased pitch, and a breathy, asthenic, and strained vocal quality. Upon palpation, the patient also presents with notable tension and tenderness in the base of tongue/suprahyoid region and the thyrohyoid space.   You suspect the muscle tension dysphonia is a compensation in response to the vocal fold paralysis. You decide to refer your patient to an ENT, for consideration of medical/surgical intervention. The ENT is a close colleague of yours, and you know that, in cases such as this, she will first perform a less-invasive medical procedure. If that procedure is successful, she will consider a more permanent corrective surgery. a. What is a medical/non-surgical approach to restoring voice function that is indicated for this patient? Briefly describe this procedure.b. Assuming that all goes well, what is a permanent, surgical approach to restoring voice function in this patient? Briefly describe this procedure.  Is there a role for behavioral voice therapy prior to the permanent vocal surgery? Provide justification for your response.  Is there a role for behavioral voice therapy after to the permanent vocal surgery? Provide justification for your response.     Question 3) Dysphagia Treatment The patient is a 90-year old female with a history of Alzheimer's disease, resulting in profound dysphagia and compromised swallowing safety and efficiency.  She has had repeated pneumonias in the last two years, and reports eating and drinking to be very uncomfortable because of the frequent coughing fits and sensation of foods sticking.  There is medical concern that she has less than 6 months to live.  The patient has expressed interest in continuing to eat.  You perform a clinical evaluation of swallowing with the patient, in the presence of the patient's primary caregivers.  Bolus trials reveal considerable effort and coughing, though when trialing smaller sips with chin tuck, coughing is eliminated and the patient appears more comfortable.      What is the role of the SLP intervention for palliative care?   Would you recommend exercise-based (restorative) interventions? If so, what?  Justify your answer. Would you recommend a compensatory intervention? If so, what?  Justify your answer. Provide one reason why you would not recommend an instrumental assessment of swallowing for this patient.     The caregivers want to know if getting a feeding tube placed will increase the life expectancy for this patient.  Answer their question, and also, provide one "benefit" and one "drawback" with feeding tubes in the patient of palliative care.   Question 4) Cleft Palate Treatment Lisa, a 7-year-old girl, had her cleft palate repaired when she was 12 months old.  In your evaluation you found that she has nasal emissions for fricatives, affricates, and alveolar stops.  You noticed that her placement for /d/ is more like a /j/ (as in judge) and you learned in the assessment that she is stimulable for better, but not fully correct, placement of the /d/.    What sound are you likely to work on first, and why? What is the step-by-step plan for her treatment? Lisa is a bilingual speaker of Mandarin and English.  Her language skills are age appropriate and she is reportedly doing well academically.  In the home the family speaks Mandarin.  Lisa is fully fluent in both Mandarin and English, as is her father.  Her mother is essentially a monolingual Mandarin speaker.  It is likely that her mom will be working with her in the home, but her father is very engaged and both parents come to all sessions.  How will you determine in what language(s) she should receive treatment?    Question 5) Literacy Treatment You are an SLP working in a public school and are conducting a phonological awareness intervention with children in a kindergarten classroom.  Define what phonological and phonemic awareness are. Discuss the general developmental progression that you would follow when providing the intervention. Discuss 4 - 5 key aspects of an effective phonological awareness instruction.
A nurse cares for a patient who has a serum potassium of 7.5 mEq/L (7.5 mmol/L) and is exhibiting cardiovascular changes. Which prescription will the nurse implement first?
You are suffering from Streptococcus throat infection. You share the following with the bacteria that is responsible for your condition.
A 46 yo female presents to clinic for management of her COPD. She is a 25 pack year smoker and continues to smoke. She is very active and has no physical limitations. Her lung function test shows a FEV1/FVC ratio of 60, and an FEV1 of 80% of the predicted value. She has no other medical problems other than a seizure disorder. You explain her that the best thing she can do is to stop smoking. What is the best treatment option for smoking cessation?
A patient with a chronic granulomatous white grain mycetoma provides a drainage from a lesion on his lower extremity for culture. A tan cottony colony grows within 3 days of incubation. The reverse of the culture is colorless. Few macroconidia are seen and macroconidia from the culture are shown below. What is the identification of this organism?
According to the Expert Panel on the Identification, Evaluation, and Treatment of Overweight and Obesity in Adults, what is the threshold for a determination of obesity in adults as reported in kilogram per square meter?
The demand curve facing a monopolist is:
Animal behavior that includes searching for, capturing, and eating food is known as
Humans developed antibiotic resistance through the overuse of antibiotics. (hint: this is a tricky question so think about this carefully). True/False
A placebo lacks the active ingredient of a treatment being tested in a study.
