Match each description with the best answer choice. Answers will be used more than once.
Part 2. The following 12 short essay questions are designed to evaluate critical thinking/reasoning skills, please make sure that you provide the most detailed answer you can.  You do not need to answer all of the questions.  What you need to do is choose 2 the following questions to answer on the attached sheets of paper (correctly number which questions you chose). If you answer more than two questions, only the first two will be graded. (5 pts. each) 1) The human population has greatly increased during the last 10,000 years, especially during the last 200 years or so.  Describe at least three reasons for this dramatic increase in the human population and how it aided in increasing the human population? 2) What are two ways that humans can control the growth rate of the human population?  What are some of the negative political and/or social consequences of the options you chose? 3) Explain how soil can be considered the interface between the geosphere, biosphere, atmosphere, and hydrosphere?  Why is it so important to maintain/protect our soil resources (hint: think about not only what it provides, but what it takes to replace soil). 4) Briefly explain what the Theory of Plate Tectonics states about Earth's crust.  Why is important to understand this theory in regards to mineral resources, environmental hazards, and human protection?  5) Ecologist Garrett Hardin described the concept "tragedy of the commons".  What is meant by this phrase and provide an environmental example (in your own words) of a "tragedy of the commons." 6) Briefly explain the governmental policy of land zoning.  How can proper zoning reduce urban blight and slow the urban sprawl? 7) Describe the differences between no-till farming and conventional farming.  Even though there are some environmental advantages to no-till farming, what is one major issue/challenge that no-till farmers face? (Hint: think about what needs to increase in order to maintain a healthy crop). 8) Describe what aquaculture is, why it is important to maintain natural fisheries, and what some of the environmental challenges associated with aquaculture are. 9) Describe in detail the Hubbert Curve for peak oil production.  Discuss what the curve represents, in regards to, what will occur when we reach peak oil and the lower and upper estimates of petroleum reserves. 10) The three fossil fuels have a number of environmental hazards associated with them that are not associated with nuclear power.  List two environmental hazards associated with the fossil fuels (and not with nuclear power) and then discuss why nuclear power (e.g., fission) has not grown in popularity and some of the challenges that are unique to nuclear power generation. 11) Discuss at least two distinct environmentally sound ways that humans can maximize our energy resources, specifically how each of the options you chose can reduce our energy demand, what fossil fuel we would need less, and what renewable energy source would potentially provide that energy demand in the future. 12) Discuss why the argument can be made that no one single renewable energy source will solve our future energy demands.  Provide at least two real-world examples to support your response.
People with personality disorders have an excessively rigid, maladaptive pattern of behavior and ways of relating to others.
Spinal nerves from the sacral region of the cord innervate the ________ muscles.
When you block people you don't know from viewing your Instagram, you are responding to a need for
An older adult patient has been diagnosed with nonunion of a fractured tibia after two months in a cast.  Which intervention may be necessary to encourage bone healing?
Place the following blood vessels in the CORRECT order to return blood to the heart from the 5th digit.1-axillary vein2-subclavian vein3-brachial vein4-ulnar vein5-brachiocephalic vein6-superior vena cava
Ultrasound of 1 MHz frequency is considered best for heating tissues __________ deep, and 3 MHz frequency is considered best for heating tissues __________ deep.
According to the government's exercise recommendations, which of the following are improved by exercise? Choose 2.
Which group of drugs is known as receptor blockers?
Identify the letter of the structure that leads to the pharynx.
Consider an economy that already has a sizable budget deficit. If the economy is facing a major downturn, the government should:
Barriers to patient education the nurse considers in implementing a teaching plan include which factor?
A mole of any gaseous species occupies a volume of 22.4 L at standard temperature and pressure.
A blunt-force injury to the forehead would result in a contrecoup injury to which region of the brain?
A Russian woman arrives at the clinic for her first prenatal visit. She does not speak English. What action will provide the best care to the woman?
The ground state electron configuration for Zn is [Ar] 3s23d10.
A client with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease tells the nurse,"This disease makes me a prisoner in my own home." What is the best response by the nurse?
A limited partnership cannot be dissolved by court decree.
Which of the following is not an assumption or condition that needs to be checked for the t-test?
