Write a well-organized, coherent, four-five paragraph response to ONE of the following prompts.  Use specific details (quotations with citations) from the novel in your response.  Do not summarize the plot. 1. Think about the one character you have read about this semester. Identify both the traits that make this person a hero and the character's traits that are not heroic. Support your reasoning with examples from the text in a multiple-paragraph essay which includes an introduction, body, and conclusion. 2. What is a common theme to both To Kill a Mockingbird and Ender's Game?  Choose one theme and provide examples for each story.  Support your reasoning with examples from the text in a multiple-paragraph essay which includes an introduction, body, and conclusion.
Elle a quel autre but?
Human Resources Manager Claire Siu must inform Anthony that company job changes require him to seek retraining or lose his position. The best channel for Ms. Siu to deliver this message is
Identify the structure marked "17" in this stomach model picture.
There were hundreds of new reform societies and religious groups that flourished in the nineteenth century, match the reformer and the society they are associated with
Write ond as a Hindu-Arabic numeral.
The posterior pituitary secretes _________.
Some of the fluid that is out of the capillaries and does not get back into the capillaries is returned later by the
Which part of the brain receives and processes information for vision?
In cheetahs there is a rare recessive mutation that causes a blotchy spotting pattern, called the king cheetah. King cheetahs' have the recessive allele genotype kk. Cheetahs with the alleles KK and Kk have a normal spotting pattern. You are monitoring a population of 100 cheetahs, 16 of which are king cheetahs. What is the frequency of heterozygotes with the alleles Kk within the population?
A nurse is employed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (USDHHS).  Which of the following branches of government is the nurse working for?
Some neurotransmitters can be either inhibitory or excitatory depending upon its receptor.
The first juvenile court that was separate in form and function from adult criminal courts was created in
A fracture in which the bone is broken into three or more pieces is called a __________ fracture.
"Native" advertising is what type of media?
During the American Revolution, Loyalists
Which of the 2 parts of any atom in its elemental state will always have a positive electrical charge? _______
1.5   What device was Bryan playing games on?   (1)
Diversion of anger toward a substitute target was noted by Sigmund Freud, who called it
The patient was placed in the Trendelenburg position, meaning he was
