In lab we investigated the affects of temperature, pH and enzyme concentration on the functionality of catalase enzyme.  To do this we used ground fresh liver, added hydrogen peroxide and the enzyme generated oxygen.  We measure the oxygen production in an eudiometer.  According to the graph below, which of these bars had the highest enzyme concentration?
Cocci and bacilli can both be found in chains.
The Maytag Corporation's income statement includes income from continuing operations and a loss on discontinued operations. Earnings per share information would be provided for:
Question 1    1.1     The cost price of a car is R635 000.  The value of the car depreciates according to the reducing balance method at a rate of 15% p.a.  Calculate the value of the car exactly 5 years after it was bought.  (3)    1.2   A loan of R50 000 is to be repaid in 48 equal monthly payments.  Payments start one month after the loan has been granted.  The interest rate on the loan is 16,75% p.a. compounded monthly      1.2.1   Calculate the value of the equal monthly payments.  (4)    1.2.2   Calculate the outstanding balance immediately after the 30th payment has been made.  Give your answer to the nearest Rand.  (4)                                                                                                                Question Total:  (11)
Using the Psychometric chart, find the dew-point temperature (in oF) for moist atmospheric air at a dry-bulb temperature 85oF and a relative humidity of 50%.
Consider the experiment of flipping a coin 3 times where the probability of flipping a heads is p=[p]. So each outcome of the experiment would be a string of heads and tails of length 3. Assuming each flip is independent, what is the probability of the following sequence: HTT ?
Psychosocial development during adolescence is often seen as a quest to answer the question _____.
A new work policy governing using cameras to track when employees are entering and leaving the building would be considered ....
How many molecules of water, H2O, are present in 75.0 g of H2O?  DO NOT TYPE IN THE UNIT IN YOUR ANSWER. (Neatly write your calculation on a scratch paper, show your work slowly on the webcam before you submit the test. Take a photo of your work, and submit it on Exam 2 Work assignment on the module.)
What is a method for computing MAC that fixes the problem with DAA above as shown in Questions 24 and 25?
VRAAG 1 VERVOLG     1.3) Ten einde ekstra geld beskikbaar te he, besluit sy om sjokolademuffins te bak en te verkoop.  Sy bak 24 muffins in een muffinpan teen 180 vir 25 minute. Bestudeer die resep wat sy gebruik en beantwoord die vrae wat volg. REGSKLIK OP DIE KNOPPIE OM DIE RESEP  IN 'N NUWE TAB OOP TE MAAK          1.3.1   Gebruik die gepaste formule om 180 na  om te skakel.   (2)     1.3.2   As sy die muffins om 05:30 vm begin bak, hoe laat sal sy dit uit die oond haal?   (2)     1.3.3   Mev. Visser besluit om haar elektrisiteitsverbruik te ontleed aangesien sy self die muffins by haar huis bak.  Sy spandeer R100,00 (BTW ingesluit) aan elektrisiteit vir die maand van Augustus.  Die elektrisiteitstariewe vir die gebied waarin sy woon, word in die tabel hieronder uiteengesit.   REGSKLIK OP DIE KNOPPIE OM DIE TABEL MET DIE TARIEFSTELSEL IN 'N NUWE TAB OOP TE MAAK    Bereken die totale bedrag wat sy sal betaal indien sy 115 kilowatt uur (kWh) gebruik het.   (5)
PM METHODOLOGIES
Mark the statement(s) that is (that are) true about convenience samples. (you may choose one or more)
Using an existing brand name to introduce a product that is new to the company into a totally new, unfamiliar market seems like a good idea. Several years ago, Harley-Davidson introduced perfume under the Harley-Davidson brand name and it failed quickly. This innovation strategy is known as a
Cholesterol from outside the body is called ____________________ cholesterol.
People are especially good at quickly detecting facial expressions of
Sigman Co.'s inventories in process were at the following stages of completion at April 30:    No. of Units Percent Complete   100 90   50 80   200 10    Equivalent units of production in ending inventory amounted to:
2.1.2   How many varieties are shown in the above picture?  [1]   (1)
Under normal conditions, which of the following is most likely to be classified as a Finite Queuing Model?
During a dehydration reaction, a disaccharide, such as maltose, forms when a glucose joins with a glucose as a water molecule is removed. CH 5
