Explain the difference between Direct Democracy and Repetitive Democracy.
NIMBY is a new nonprofit corporation formed in the fictional state of New Haven.  It is located in Fairfield, an upscale urban community approximately 60 miles north of Metropolis, the state capital.  NIMBY's purpose is to provide assistance to homeless individuals and to educate the public on the plight of the homeless.  The initial Board of Directors of NIMBY consists of Ronald Drump, a wealthy real estate mogul who specializes in developing luxury hotels, and eight other business leaders in the community.   Approximately 8 months ago, the city-owned homeless shelter and food pantry in Fairfield burned down.  Instead of rebuilding the homeless shelter, the city decided to raise revenue it desperately needed by selling the land on which the shelter was formerly located to Mr. Drump.  Mr. Drump immediately began construction of the Odyssey Suites hotel after purchasing the land and plans to open the new hotel in a few weeks.  It is anticipated that the opening of the hotel will encourage a substantial amount of tourism and convention business for Fairfield, thus benefiting local restaurants, shops and other businesses, and increasing sales tax revenue for the city. With no other city resources in place for Fairfield's substantial homeless population, a local church located a few blocks from the former shelter decided to open a soup kitchen to feed the homeless when the city-owned shelter burned down.  However, the church does not have enough space to provide shelter for the homeless.  Therefore, for the past 8 months, the homeless have made do living on the streets of Fairfield, congregating for the most part in the vacant lot next to the new Odyssey Suites hotel, and panhandling on the surrounding streets and in front of nearby businesses. Concerned about the impact the loss of the shelter has had on the homeless population, a group of concerned business leaders of Fairfield formed NIMBY (Not in My Backyard) to provide assistance to the homeless by giving homeless people in Fairfield a free one way ticket out of town through the Opportunity Bus Pass Program.  The Opportunity Bus Pass Program will cover transportation expenses for homeless people to return to their home states or wherever they have families or other means of support.  If a homeless individual does not have family members that can provide them support, the Opportunity Bus Pass Program will provide transportation to nearby Metropolis, which has two city-owned homeless shelters and three shelters operated by various religious groups. The commercial bus lines have recently raised their fares making it more expensive to implement the Opportunity Bus Pass Program.  Donna Williams, a local charter bus operator and sister of Mr. Drump, has offered to provide charter buses to transport individuals to Metropolis and to other states that border New Haven.  Ms. Williams will charge her regular fee to NIMBY for the charter bus services.  The charter buses operated by Ms. Williams are top of the line luxury buses, and therefore, Ms. Williams' usual fares are 20% higher than the fares of the other charter bus companies in the area.  Yet, it would be more economical for NIMBY to pay for the charter bus service from Mr. Williams' company than to purchase individual one-way tickets for all the homeless individuals from the commercial bus lines.  Accordingly, the Board of Directors approved Mr. Williams' proposal to implement the Opportunity Bus Pass Program using Ms. Williams' charter bus company.  Mr. Drump was present and voted at the Board of Directors meeting at which this proposal was approved. The Internal Revenue Service has determined that NIMBY qualifies as a public charity.  The Internal Revenue Service assesses excise taxes under SS 4958 as a result of the NIMBY's charter bus contract with Donna Williams.  What would be the most likely result?
A cell membrane has a liquid, oily consistency. Which molecule forms the bilayer of the cell membrane?
As the rate of cooling increases (speeds up), the size of the crystals that form
What is the biggest source of revenue flowing into the Philippines?
The absence of key or tonality in a musical composition is known as _____________.
A turtle wants to swim across a river that flows from the west to the east. The river is [w] m wide, and the water flows at a speed of 1 m/s. The turtle starts on the southern bank of the river and swims in a way that it travels straight north. It takes the turtle [t] s to cross the river. What is the turtle's swimming speed with respect to water in m/s?
An analysis in which all the components of an income statement are expressed as a percentage of sales is a
The release of bicarbonate ions by the pancreas is stimulated by which of the following hormones in response to acidic chyme entering the duodenum?
Which of the following statements regarding Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs are true? 1. Basic physiologic needs must be met before pursuing higher levels 2. Provides insight into behaviors based on the level of needs met 3. This model can be applied only to patients in HC settings 4. Patients are often functioning at a lower level than normal while in the hospital
Which of the following is TRUE with regard to Piaget's theory of infant development?
EXAM PROBLEM #1  Instructions:  For each of the terms provided in the questions, select the one phrase from the list below that BEST defines the term.  No phrases will be used more than once. Not all phrases will be used.  Choose which one of these phrases best defines each term provided in the questions: (1)    An atom that has gained one or more electrons. (2)    An atom that has lost one or more electrons. (3)    A chemistry tool/quantity that relates mass to moles for a specific pure substance. (4)    A chemistry tool/quantity that relates mass to volume for a specific substance. (5)    A chemistry tool/quantity that relates mass of a mixture component to total mixture volume. (6)    A chemistry tool/quantity that relates moles of a mixture component to total mixture volume. (7)    A chemistry tool/quantity that relates moles of a mixture component to total mixture moles. (8)    Energy change associated with an atom or ion gaining one electron. (9)    Energy change associated with an atom or ion losing one electron. (10)  The tendency of an atom to attract electrons shared in a covalent bond. Questions: A.   Density:  [definition1] B.   Electronegativity:  [definition2] C.   Ionization Energy:  [definition3] D.   Molarity:  [definition4] E.   Monatomic Cation:  [definition5]
If the current account is positive then we know that the capital account will also be positive.
The normal rate of depolarization of the SA node is
After he conquered much of the civilized world, Alexander
In the experiment by Craik and Tulving (1975), orienting tasks were used to:
Conductive activity in a neuron generally causes it to secrete
Which Enterbacteriaceae tribe contains Proteus, Morganella, and Providencia?  (7.2)
The ________ model  of evolution suggests that evolution occurs at a steady rate.
Which pair has the same number of electrons?
