Prepare the problems below using Excel. Upload the workbook using the link.             1. (6 points) Mosier Company had gross wages of $348,000 during the week ended January 7. All wages are subject to the various FICA and unemployment taxes. The tax rates are as follows:     Employee Federal income tax 15.0%       Social Security 6.2%       Medicare  1.45%       State unemployment 5.4%       Federal unemployment 0.8%      Required:    Prepare the journal entry to record the employer's payroll tax expense incurred for the week of January 7.            2. (9 points) Emmanuel Business Consultants has three employees: a consultant, a computer programmer and an administrator. The following payroll information is available for each employee:        Consultant Computer Programmer Administrator    Regular earnings rate $2,100 per week $55 per hour $19 per hour    Overtime earnings rate Not applicable 1 1/2  times hourly rate 1 1/2  times hourly rate    Hours worked during current pay period Not applicable 47 49             The Federal income tax withholding rate for all three employees is 18%. Assume further that the Social Security tax rate was 6.2% and the Medicare tax rate was 1.45%. All earnings are subject to Federal income tax, Social Security tax and Medicare tax.     Required:    a) Determine the gross pay and the net pay for each of the three employees for the current pay period.   b) Prepare the journal entry to record the payroll for the current period.            3. (6 points) On November 1, 2020, Tangier Company borrowed $42,000 from the bank by issuing a 9-month, 10% interest-bearing note.    Required:    a) Prepare the journal entry to record the issuance of the note.   b) Compute the amount of interest expense that will be shown on the 2020 income statement.   c) What is the total amount of cash that will be paid to the bank at the maturity of the note on August 1, 2021?   d) Prepare the liabilities section of the balance sheet (accounts, amounts and total) at December 31, 2020.
A balance sheet includes ____, ____, and ____.
Sudie is calm, even-tempered, self-content, comfortable, unemotional, and hardy. She is low in which "big five" personality trait?
Which person-focused model links pay levels to increased knowledge and skills within the same general job category?
Which of the following class of dental materials is the most regulated and requires market approval?
35. Which molecule or compound below contains a polar covalent bond?
Zwingli's theology mainly differed from Luther's in their views of
In multigated analysis of the left ventricle, end systole is best described as:
Which of the following elements has the greatest electron affinity (largest positive value)?
Words that have a special meaning in C++ are
How does nuestros libros translate into English?
When a credit memorandum for the return of merchandise previously sold is issued by the Seller, the journal entry on the Seller's books will:
Where in the cell does the 60S ribosomal subunit undergo its final maturation?
Choose the answer choice that is in order of increasing complexity.
Which of the following statements about the introduction stage of the market life cycle is true?
A potted plant is placed inside a clear, sealed vacuum container that has water pumped into it on a regular basis. The container is placed in the sun and the plant's growth is monitored. Which statement best describes what will most likely happen to the plant over time?
Line 24 B and D are entered correctly.
What is meant by the description "antiparallel" regarding the strands that make up DNA?
Write a possible equation for the function whose graph is shown below.  The graph shows a transformation of the square root function.  The x and y scales are both set at one.
What technique developed by DuPont in the 1950's introduced an effective way to achieve project schedule optimization?
