IMIBUZO: UMSEBENZI 4     4.1.1   Wabona kanjani uMlondi ukuthi uthanda impilo yasehlathini kakhulu?   (1)
For your final examination, you should write a cohesive, well-developed essay that fully addresses the essay prompt. Please closely read the following CQ Researcher articles (published October 2, 2015 (volume 25, issue 35)) and then the prompt below.     "Young Voters-Should the Voting Age Be Lowered to 16: Pro"by Rob Richie, Executive Director of the FairVote Center for Voting and Democracy   "Young Voters-Should the Voting Age Be Lowered to 16: Con"by Lou Manza, Psychology Professor at Lebanon Valley College     par. 1Our nation is overdue for a serious conversation about the right to vote. We rightly honor the anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, but without an explicit right to vote in the Constitution, we too often fail to bring sufficient rigor to protecting voting rights. par. 2We have erratic state and local standards for running national elections. Our voter registration rolls miss nearly a third of eligible voters and are rife with errors. We deny full voting rights to more than 8 million citizens who have felony convictions or who live in Washington, D.C., or the territories. And unlike in many nations, only a few cities allow legal immigrants to vote in local elections. par. 3The nation's single-largest disenfranchised group is American citizens under 18. It's time to join other nations in rethinking the voting age. In Scotland, 16-year-olds voted in the 2014 referendum on independence. After so many young people seriously engaged on the issue, lawmakers from all parties unanimously voted to permanently lower the voting age, joining nations like Argentina, Austria and Brazil. par. 4The 26th Amendment prohibits a state from restricting anyone age 18 or older from voting, but does not establish a minimum voting age. Two Maryland cities in suburban Washington--Hyattsville and Takoma Park--have extended voting rights for municipal elections to 16-year-olds, and at least 14 states allow 17-year-olds to vote in all state and federal primaries if they will be 18 by the time of the general election. par. 5Research shows 16-year-old voters make informed decisions and will participate in relatively high numbers. Allowing 16- and 17-year-olds to vote would enable them to vote before leaving home, help establish a lifelong habit and go hand-in-hand with new rights and responsibilities that society extends to 16-year-olds, such as paying taxes and being able to marry.    par. 6Expect widespread action on lowering the voting age in the coming years, starting in cities. The right to vote always warrants a close look--and our fullest commitment.   par. 1As with other age-restricted activities, such as driving or military service, it can be difficult to decide where to draw the line on the right to vote. While I'm confident some 16-year-olds would likely take voting seriously, many others probably would not, or even could not, as a result of how brains develop. par. 2One reason society restricts certain behaviors to adults concerns how neural maturation allows individuals to reason effectively. This skill relies on one's ability to suppress emotions when making decisions requiring data-based analyses. As a group, teenagers tend not to fare as well with this compared to adults. par. 3Much of our capacity for informed decision-making hinges on having a well-developed pre-frontal cortex (PFC). This brain region, when functioning optimally, allows us to suppress information influenced by emotions and focus on objective data for a given situation. Adults can then reach a more reasoned conclusion than might be possible without the ability to control their emotions. But in a teenagers-vs.-adults scenario, research shows that PFCs tend not to reach full maturity until the mid-20s, making younger individuals more susceptible to bad decisions. par. 4Since casting a ballot in any local, state or national election is a very serious decision with the potential to impact society as a whole, we should do all we can to ensure that those who bear the responsibility for voting have the best likelihood of making a reasoned, and not emotional, decision. This can be accomplished in various ways, but restricting people younger than 18 from going to the polls is one effective option. par. 5Indeed, one could argue that based on biological evidence we should raise the voting age, since 18-year-olds, while possessing better-developed PFCs than younger peers, still are not as equipped as older adults to make informed choices relative to their voting habits. par. 6Much of the pressure behind the 26th Amendment, which lowered the voting age to 18, grew out of the fact that the age at which individuals could be drafted to serve in Vietnam had been lowered to 18, yet those individuals had no say in the officials or policies that sent them there. It's a valid argument, but perhaps the draft age, and not the voting age, was the figure that was out of line. But that's an argument for another day.     _____________________________________________________________________________________ Topic: Using the above-noted articles, "Young Voters-Should the Voting Age Be Lowered to 16: Pro" and "Young Voters-Should the Voting Age Be Lowered to 16: Con," as reference sources, write an essay in which you analyze each author's use of one rhetorical tool or rhetorical appeal to achieve his or her specific purpose.  To start, determine what you believe is each author's specific purpose. Choose one of the following specific purposes for each author: to accuse, to calm, to condemn, to celebrate, to correct, to counter, to defend, to dismiss, to incite, to justify, to overturn, to praise, to provoke, to rally, to silence, or to solve.   Then, determine which one of the following rhetorical tools or rhetorical appeals the "Pro" author relies upon most heavily in his or her article to achieve his or her specific purpose and then which one of the following rhetorical tools or rhetorical appeals the "Con" author relies upon most heavily in his or her article to achieve his or her specific purpose. You must choose both rhetorical tools and/or appeals from the following list:       allusions authorities/outside sources definitions description dialogue examples facts figurative language narration personal testimony/anecdotes scenarios statistics counterarguments concessions qualifiers organization voice appeal to logic appeal to emotion appeal to character appeal to need appeal to value       Organize your ideas into a four-paragraph essay that includes the following paragraphs: (paragraph 1) an introduction paragraph; (paragraphs 2 and 3) two separate, well-developed rhetorical tools and/or rhetorical appeals body paragraphs (one focused on the "Pro" author's use of your chosen rhetorical tool or appeal to achieve his/her specific purpose and the other focused on the "Con" author's use of your other chosen rhetorical tool or appeal to achieve his/her specific purpose); and (paragraph 4) a conclusion paragraph. Your essay must include a forecasting thesis statement and effective topic and concluding sentences in each body paragraph. At least four times in your essay, you also must correctly integrate quotations, paraphrases, and/or summaries from the above-noted articles; remember to include proper in-text citations.
juin, juillet, aout
In the context of the capital structure of a firm, which of the following statements is true of equity financing?
Which part of the human respiratory system contains C-shaped cartilaginous rings?
3.1.7.    Bereken die gradient tussen trig. baken 31 en die reservoir in blok C4. Wys al jou bewerkings   (3)
27. Name this process
A person is taking penicillin to treat an infection.  Which of these substances is NOT secreted from the nephron?
Give me the meaning of the combining form viscer/o
Why is ethanol a better solvating solvent than tert-butyl alcohol?
EXTRA ESSAY QUESTION (USE ONLY IF NECESSARY)
A 16-year-old with newly diagnosed asthma is seen by the NP. The patient reports symptoms on 4-5 times per month. According to the step wise approach, which medication would be the best to prescribe along with albuterol (Ventolin)?
A patient states, "I'm really strung out about this pregnancy." The nurse who responds by asking, "What about this pregnancy worries you?" is using the technique of:
What type of tumor will invade the surrounding tissues?
Blake and Hirsch (1975) use selective rearing of kittens to show that
After the recapitalization in the previous problem, Auburn Paper is considering entering the plastics industry.  The new venture is estimated to have the same risk as the firm's paper operations after the restructuring.  To enter this industry, the firm would have to buy equipment at a total cost of $1.5 million.  Depreciation on all the equipment is done with straight-line to zero over a 5 year economic life.  The new division is estimated to have sales of $1,000,000 per year and costs of 60 percent of sales.  Net operating working capital is expected to be 65 percent of next year's sales, mostly due to inventories.  Auburn Paper plans to be in the new business for 5 years, after which the equipment will be sold for an estimated market value of $500,000.  Based on this information and the information in the previous problem (e.g., the tax rate is still 35%), What is NPV? and should Auburn Paper invest in the plastics industry?  [Note:  Be sure to make clear what discount rate you are using.  For NPV, parenthesis means 'negative' in the choice below]
Parasympathetic activation is longer lasting than sympathetic because:
Critter 1    Critter 2    Critter 3    Critter 4    Critter 5    Critter 6    Critter 7    Critter 8
Which is the most cranially bulging antebrachial muscle of the canine thoracic limb?
The following diagram demonstrates the movement of gases across cell membranes by simple diffusion.  Accordingly, it is expected that:
