**You purchase 22 pounds of bananas at the store. This is the As Purchased weight or AP.  When you peel the bananas you end up with 15.61 pounds of edible banana.  What % of AP is the EP weight? Round to 5th place and than write answer as a %1a
Pearson Inc. produces and sells a variety of household cleaning supplies and equipment including vacuum cleaners and carpet cleaner both of which are sold separately in stores. The carpet cleaning division incurs the following costs for the production of a single bottle of carpet cleaner when 600,000 bottles are produced each year:    Direct materials $1.30   Direct labor .50   Variable overhead .25   Fixed overhead     .30   Total cost $2.35        The company sells the bottles to retail stores for $5.00 per bottle. The vacuum division is doing a promotion whereby each customer that purchases a vacuum cleaner during the month of December receives a free bottle of carpet cleaner. The vacuum division would like to purchase these bottles from the carpet cleaning division.Assuming the carpet cleaning division is at full capacity, what price should they charge such that no additional losses will be incurred if they sell the bottles to the vacuum division?
Which is LEAST true of African theatre and drama?
What pH must you use to purify a protein with a pI of 6.8 via cation exchange chromatography?
Palmetto Boards Corp., a South Carolina corporation, has entered into a contract to sell South Carolina-made surfboards to Surf-Is-Up, Inc., a Portuguese subsidiary of a Papua New Guinean company.  Papua New Guinea is located somewhere in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.  The United States, Portugal, and Papua New Guinea are contracting parties to the CISG.  The boards should be shipped to Portugal where they will all be sold by Surf-Is-Up.  Suppose that the parties avail themselves of the Article 6 opt-out provision and include a choice-of-law clause that states: "This contract is to be governed by the laws of Papua New Guinea."  Suppose Palmetto Boards brings a lawsuit in a South Carolina state court on the contract alleging that Surf-Is-Up is late on its payments.  Next, Surf-Is-Up removes to federal district court.  What law should the federal district court apply?
Find an equation in standard form for the parabola that satisfies the given conditions: vertex (4, 3), directrix x = 6.
A driver in a 1000.0 kg car traveling at 37 m/s slams on the brakes and skids to a stop. If the coefficient of friction between the tires and the road is 0.80, how long will the skid marks be?
In the general public, this disorder is also known as Munchausen Syndrome by Proxy (when done to another).
There are over 300 _____ near Tours.
Which ICD-10 convention is used to instruct the coder that a condition is not included here?
Suppose that the average math score for Americans on a standardized test is 142 with a standard deviation of 15, and the average math score for South Koreans on the test is 151 with a standard deviation of 8. What is the standard deviation of the difference in average math scores between America and South Korea?
6.5   Itholakala kuziphi izitolo lensipho? Bhala EZIMBILI.   (3)
This person identified the cause of anthrax and tuberculosis.
Which letter corresponds to the structure in the above diagram which is the primary site for digestion and absorption of food?
The ozone layer is created by and absorbs:
Which of the following are signs of aging: 1. Thinning of the skin 2. Decreased sense of touch 3. Decreased sense of taste 4. Decreased bone mass 5. Improved hearing
A patient with systolic dysfunction has an ejection fraction of 38%. The nurse expects to observe which physiologic change?
Which level of government gets to choose electors for the Electoral College in presidential elections?
The hypoglossal nerve supplies the motor fibers for your tongue muscles.
According to the Ecology of human performance model, what is the primary cause of dysfunction for a patient?
