Limited liability companies are governed by this chapter of the Florida Statutes.
The Montgomery bus boycott of 1955-1956
Most living cells are made up of 60%-80% water. What are the features of water responsible for its importance to biological systems? A complete answer should describe at least 4 features unique to water.
Gideon Company uses the direct write-off method of accounting for uncollectible accounts. On May 3, the Gideon Company wrote off the $2,000 uncollectible account of its customer, A. Hopkins. The entry or entries Gideon makes to record the write off of the account on May 3 is: A)     Bad Debts Expense   2,000         Accounts Receivable--A. Hopkins       2,000     B)             Allowance for Doubtful Accounts   2,000         Accounts Receivable--A. Hopkins       2,000     C)             Accounts Receivable--A. Hopkins   2,000         Cash       2,000     D)             Accounts Receivable--A. Hopkins   2,000         Bad Debts Expense       2,000     E)             Cash   2,000         Accounts Receivable--A. Hopkins       2,000
Remember, once time runs out, it is too late to upload your Simio file without significant penalty in points.  You need to stop your test a few minutes before time runs out to insure that you have time to upload your Simio (.spfx) file. Only two pages of single-sided notes are allowed.  The only scratch paper are the two pages you have for notes.  Hand held calculators are allowed, but not your cell phone.  Do not use the Math.If( ) function. When you are finished, close Simio, then upload the Simio (.spfx) file before time runs out.  Only one upload is allowed. Problem Description Parts arrive according to a Poisson process with a mean rate of 10 per hour between 6AM and noon each day.  As parts arrive, they are placed (instantaneously) in a temporary warehouse.  Each hour, at the top of the hour, starting at 7AM each day, all parts from the temporary warehouse are removed and sent to Department 501 for processing.  (Assume the move from the warehouse to Dept. 501 is instantaneous.)  Department 501 consists of two workstations:  WS A and WS B.  The travel time between the two workstations is 5 minutes.  And travel time from WS B to the leaving the department is 5 minutes. WS A consists of two single-server machines operating in parallel with one queue feeding both machines.  (In other words, each part is processed through one and only one machine within WS A.)  One of the two machines processes parts according to an exponential distribution with mean 15 minutes and the other machine processes parts according to an exponential distribution with a mean of 7.5 minutes.  WS B consists of two single-server machines (M1 and M2) operating in series (i.e., a part goes through M1 and then proceeds to M2 then leaves the workstation).  The processing time on the first machine is exponentially distributed with mean 6 minutes and the operating time on M2 for a part depends how long that part took for processing on M1 (i.e., the times onM1 and M2 are not independent).  The conditional time that a part spends on M2 given the time spent on M1 is deterministic.  Specifically, if a part spent less than 6 minutes on M1, then it will take 4.5 minutes to be processed on M2, and if a part spent 6 minutes or more on M1, then that part will take 6 minutes to be processed on M2.  Each completed part yields a profit of $50 and each hour that a part spends in Department 501 cost 75 cents.  (There is no cost associated with time spent in the temporary warehouse.)  Department 501 closes as soon as all parts that will arrive for the day have been processed through WS A and WS B.  Simulate this system to answer the following two questions:  (1) What is the average daily profit of the system? And (2) What the average time that Department 501 can close?  Put the answers to these two questions in a Floor Label.  The answer to (1) should be rounded to the nearest dollar and the answer to (2) should be rounded to the nearest minutes.  For (2) give your answer in the form hh:mm AM or hh:mm PM (i.e., use a 12-hour clock). Base your answers on 50 days of data with one replication being a single day.
How will the previous answer affect the arterial PO2?
According to the psychosocial development theory, when an adolescent experiences identity moratorium during identity development, he/she:
After several months of working fine, you are having problems booting your Windows machine. The system stalls immediately after the BIOS information screen.  How can you get the system to boot successfully as quickly as possible?
A 34-year-old male has been admitted with bilateral lungs contusions after a 20 ft fall from a deer stand.  His ABG on 35% oxygen reveals: pH 7.51, PaCO2 28 torr, Pa02 42 torr, HCO3  23 mEq/L.  What is this patient's P/F ratio?
A zygote begins as a one-cell structure that is created when a sperm and egg merge.
Linda recorded Carrie's percentage of correct responses for 2 weeks. If Linda implemented an intervention on session 8, which of the following is the best display? a)   b)  c)  d)
The student body of a large university consists of 60% female students.  A random sample of 8 students is selected.  What is the probability that among the students in the sample at least 7 are female?  Round answer to 4 decimal places.  Type your numerical answer only below.
Identify the 4 stages of Rehabilitation. What is the goal of each stage?  Explain the physical and psychological concerns in each stage.
The nurse is assessing a child who has a history of Tetrology of Fallot. As a result of prolonged decreased pulmonary blood flow which symptom is this client most likely to exhibit?
What is the name of the structure labeled 'E' in the diagram below?  {+1 pt}
These components focus the signal from the scintillators to the CCD:
Which was the first published collection of musical works by an individual native-born American composer?
A rare genetic disease is found to be recessive. Researchers find that 1/40 people have the disease which means that the frequency of the Normal (non-mutant) allele is __
Question 3: Variable Selection (3a) 4pts - Conduct a complete search to find the submodel with the smallest AIC. Fit this model. Include an intercept. Call it model2. Display the summary table for the model. Note: Remember to perform the variable selection for a Binomial/logistic regression model. (3a.1) Which variables are selected to be in model2? (3a.2) Provide a plot of the AIC for the best model of each size. Hint: Use the Subsets component of bestglm. What do you see in this plot? (3b) 3pts - Conduct forward stepwise regression using BIC. Allow the minimum model to be the model with only an intercept, and the full model to be model1. Call it model3. Display the summary table for the model. Which variables are selected to be in model3?  (3c) 7.5pts - Conduct lasso regression. Use target_5yrs as the response, and all other variables as the predicting variables. Use 10-fold cross validation on the classification error to select the optimal lambda value. (3c.1) What optimal lambda value did you obtain?(3c.2) Display the estimated coefficients at the optimal lambda value.(3c.3) How many coefficients were shrunk exactly to zero?(3c.4) Plot the paths of the lasso regression coefficients. As lambda decreases, which variable is the second variable to become non-zero/selected in the model?(3c.5) Fit a logistic regression model with target_5yrs as the response variable and the variables selected from lasso regression as predicting variables. Include an intercept. Call it model4. Display the summary table for the model. (3d) 1.5pts - Conduct a multicollinearity test on model2, model3, and model4. Using a VIF threshold of 10, have any of these variable selection approaches resulted in a model without the multicollinearity problem?
The nurse is caring for a patient with a decubitus ulcer.  Which laboratory value will be most important to check for this patient?
