A. Using Fitts's law, calculate the movement time difference for a button 2 ft from a steering wheel with a 1 inch width when compared to a button that has a 3 inch width. Assume that for this task a = 0.5 s and b = 0.75 s/bit. Type in your final answers (MT for each and the difference) in the box below. Show your work on your paper submission. (5 pts) B. Using the Hick-Hyman law, calculate the decision complexity advantage for 8 decisions with 2 alternatives compared to one decision with 16 alternatives. Assume a = 1s and b = 2 s/bit. Type in your final answers (response time for each and the difference) in the box below. Show your work on your paper submission. (5 pts)
The products formed during the light reactions of photosynthesis include:
The term _____ best describes the level of technology skills needed in today's business world.
1.3.4   These will be able to confirm how the economy has changed.   (1)
Which of the following transporter/channel is responsible for reabsorption of Na+ in the DISTAL convoluted tubule?
Perjury is a type of what that involves giving false testimony in court?
Which of the following pertains to this influence diagram?
One statement of the first law of thermodynamics is that
Which of the following arguments is in favor of floating exchange rates?
When bacteria acquire genetic variation by absorbing a bit of DNA from a dead ruptured bacterium
Which of the following is associated with the immune system?
In the scientific method, an educated guess is called
Which of the following is INCORRECT about the numbers of spinal nerves?
In a situation where the seller ("S") delegates performance of the contract to a third party ("T"), which option below incorrectly describes the liability of T to S and of S to buyer ("B") under the general principles of the CISG?
Assume the eigenvalues of the equation          are
Sexually transmitted disease matching
When communicating with others, you should:
2. Read the following passage from brittanica.com and answer the questions that follow. (5)                    Ancient Britain Archaeologists in Norfolk found stone tools that suggest the presence of humans in Britain from about 800,000 to 1 million years ago. This is one of the few discoveries that show any evidence of British civilization before the Roman invasion from AD 43.   All that is available on British history are the cultures and economic development after the Romans invaded. But even in Roman times, Britain was not seen as civilized. Roman historians only tell of finds during their time in Britain. Britain's history only emerged during the 5th century AD.   Britain formed part of the continental landmass. Migrating hunters would move freely through the area. The cutting of the land bridge, around 6000-5000 BCE, had an important effect: migration became more difficult.   From the end of the Ice Age (c. 11,000 BCE), there was a gradual warming of the climate leading to the replacement of tundra by forest and instead of red deer and elk for hunting, there were reindeer. All this was discovered at a dig at Star Carr, North Yorkshire, which was occupied for about 20 successive winters by hunting people in the 8th millennium BCE.
Which of the following would explain why viruses such as influenza evolve so rapidly?
You need to stretch your patient's hamstrings safely and effectively. (A)-What physical phenomen are you depending upon and (B)-at what point do know how far is far enough, or sufficient for that session's stretch, according to the rules of tissue elasticity studied in class? (list 2 answers please, .5 points per answer)
