(2 points each) A system contracts due to a constant external pressure with no change in internal energy. What is the sign of q? [q] What is the sign of w? [w] What is the sign of DE? [dE]
Which of the following has an atmosphere of primarily carbon dioxide?
Britain's national level domestic security service is called
You are trying to cross a river that flows toward the south with a strong current.  You start out in your motorboat on the east bank desiring to reach the west bank directly west from your starting point.  You should head your motorboat
Paulinella chromatophora is one of the few cercozoans that is autotrophic, carrying out aerobic photosynthesis with its two elongated "cyanelles." The cyanelles are contained within vesicles of the host cell, and each is derived from a cyanobacterium, though not the same type of cyanobacterium that gave rise to the chloroplasts of algae and plants.   The closest living relative of P. chromatophora is the heterotroph P. ovalis. P. ovalis uses threadlike pseudopods to capture its prey, which it digests internally. Which of the following, if observed, would be the best reason for relabeling P. chromatophora as a mixotroph?
Which muscle(s) would you expect to become habitually active in a patient that develops lung disease that makes breathing difficult?
Which of the following are true regarding telephone guidelines?
Reactive strategies include a variety of diversionary responses.  These diversionary responses include all of the following EXCEPT?
Poka-yoke is the Japanese term for:
Name THREE different variables that can affect an animal's sense of predation risk (1 point each).
What is the scientific term for nuclear division?
Which of the following is NOT an appropriate method to disclose bioengineered food according to the National Bioengineered Food Disclosure Act?
3.3   On peut y faire plus de sports.   (1)
Some binders are not red
You are genetic counselor, and a couple comes to you with concerns that if they have another child together it could have cystic fibrosis.  The man does not have cystic fibrosis, but his brother did.  Genetic tests reveal that the man is homozygous for the gene involved in cystic fibrosis, while the woman is heterozygous for the same gene.  They have three children already, and none of their children has cystic fibrosis. Which of the following would be the most correct thing to tell them?
Answer the following question based on the following scenarioDuring a kitchen inspection you observe the following. A dietary worker eating food off the line which hasn't started yet. The dietary aide states they are taste testing the food. You review the temperature logs, all the temps are acceptable, but there are none recorded for the pureed or ground foods. The staff states they took the temps but there is no place to put the results on the form. As you observe the line, you notice they are using appropriate sized scoops, but are putting heaping amounts on each plate of the macaroni and cheese. Per the written menu the regular diet should receive apple pie and the cardiac diet should receive cinnamon apple slices. You notice everyone is receiving the apple pie. As you walk through the rest of the kitchen, you notice the washed dishes being dried with a towel, and you feel one of the pans which is greasy on the outside. In the walk in refrigerator, there is no thermometer present, several lids are not securely on the containers, the zucchini is moldy, and there is an open undated bag of cheese. As you are finishing your inspection, the foodservice director informs you they have had a roach problem. She has the staff pull apart the tray line where a large outlet is located. When she kicks the outlet, several small roaches run out. She tells you, pest control has been out twice now and this is still an issue 32. Which of the following tags would most likely be issued upon inspection? a. F803 - portions too bigb. F812 - portions too bigc. F808 - portions too bigd. F809 - portions too big
Empowering and Delgating (4 points) This short-answer question has 3 parts.  Five dimensions of empowerment were reviewed in class and in your text.  First, Identify 2 which are most important to you personally.  Second, briefly define these two dimensions.  Third, indicate why each is important to you.  ____________________ -        2. ____________________ -
A 14 year old female presents to the clinic with complaint of heavy menstrual bleeding. Name 3 diagnoses to consider in the differential diagnosis.
You've done a job analysis for a museum curator position.  You think that "Curiosity" is a critical KSAO, so you develop a personality measure that assesses curiosity.  The items seem like they capture the idea of what "Curiosity" means, but you've noticed that, if you give the measure to the same people at two different times, their scores end up being very different. In other words, the scores at different times are not strongly positively correlated with one another.  What is the biggest problem with your measure?
Which statement best describes why environmental health is more challenging and difficult to improve or impact, than other variables related to an individual's health?
