The following question refers to this scenario. Two experienced railroad foremen died after entering a railroad tank car that had been involved in a derailment at another location. Both victims worked for a company that specialized in refurbishing and repairing railroad equipment. The empty railroad tank car had been filled with soybean oil, and the headspace (unfilled volume) inside the tank car was filled with a cover gas (in this case nitrogen) to prevent spoilage. At the time of the incident, the tank car did not have any permanent or temporary exterior warning signs or markings to alert workers that a hazardous atmosphere was present. The first victim was attempting to assess the extent of repairs from inside the tank car. He used a portable multi-gas meter to measure the air quality inside the car and reported to a co-worker accompanying him (attendant) that the air inside was okay. He then entered the tank car through the top hatch, while the attendant stayed just outside. Noticing the victim collapse a short time later, the attendant called 911 and radio-ed for help from the company. While emergency help (the confined space rescue crew) was en route (on the way), a second foreman (second victim) arrived at the scene. The second victim immediately asked the attendant about the air quality inside the tank car and was told by the attendant that the air inside was okay. The second victim then entered the tank car. Once inside the car, the second victim almost immediately collapsed. Emergency personnel arrived moments later. They first checked the air inside the tank car with their equipment and found little or no oxygen inside. Then rescuers donned appropriate respiratory protection and extracted both men, who had died from asphyxiation.   The tank car is _______________,
Reference: Ref 12-18 Table: Total Cost and Output (Table: Total Cost and Output) Use Table: Total Cost and Output, which describes Sergei's total costs for his perfectly competitive all-natural ice cream firm. What is the minimum price that Sergei needs to receive for a tub of ice cream to stay in business in the long run?
_____ is the type of memory people typically mean when they refer to computer "main memory."
Which of the following is not a molecule found in eukaryotic cell membranes?
The accounting basis that records revenues when cash is received and expenses when cash is paid is referred to as:
True or False. Sills are shallow intrusive structures that cut-across layering in country rocks
Wha is the best solution for eliminating 60 Hz interference in a PSG?
Write the correct question word in Spanish to complete each quetion: ? _________ hora es? Son las seis y media
The opposite of assertiveness is aggressiveness.
33.       Identify the specific smooth projection and the bone Use all appropriate words   Indicate if appropriate:   M/L Capitulum       Condyle        Femur       Fibula       Head        Humerus       Radius      Tibia       Trochlea        Tubercle    Ulna
The structures responsible for the process of transduction are known as ________, which are cells that are specialized to detect certain forms of energy from our surroundings.
The fossil record shows a strong and persistent increase in size in several mammalian lineages. What is the most likely cause of this phenomenon?
Inferior GH instability is most commonly due to:
On an EKG what does the T wave indicate?
Slower vehicles are over-represented on an aerial photograph than they would be at a fixed location (i.e., the fraction of slow vehicles would be greater on an aerial photograph than at a fixed location).
16.  The nurse teaches a pregnant woman about the presumptive, probable, and positive signs of pregnancy. The woman demonstrates understanding of the nurse's instructions if she states that a positive sign of pregnancy is:
The benefits of doing business in a country are a function of all of the following EXCEPT:A) The size of the market.B) Its past growth.C) Its present wealth.D) Its future growth prospects.
Manifestations of lower urinary tract infections include:  (Select all that apply)
Define hydrolysis AND dehydration synthesis.
The loss of ventral spines by modern freshwater sticklebacks is due to natural selection operating on the phenotypic effects of the Pitx1 gene.  What is happening to the Pitx1 gene that leads to the loss of the ventral spines?
