An incompressible and non-viscous fluid flows from left to right through a circular pipe that changes its radius from r1 to r2 between regions 1 and 2 (see figure, not to scale). The fluidic velocity in region 1 is v1 (=3 m/s) and the fluidic velocity in region 2 is v2 (=12 m/s). The density of fluid is 1,300 kg/m3.    What is the ratio between r2 and r1? [parta] What is the magnitude of the pressure difference between the two regions? [partb]
When working with an array, it is important that you do not use a(n)____________.
Which of the following has currently active geological activities? Check all the apply.
Occupational satisfaction is not a dimension of wellness.
Which of the following is/are false about DNA replication? Select ALL that apply
What is the only known cure for preeclampsia?
Purchasing's place in an organizational hierarchy can be represented with
Contraction of the inferior rectus muscle directs the pupil to look
Question 14 - 17 refers to the excerpt below. "Economic growth was indeed the most decisive force in the shaping of attitudes and expectations in the postwar era. The prosperity of the period broadened gradually in the late 1940s, accelerated in the 1950s, and soared to unimaginable heights in the 1960s. By then it was a boom that astonished observers. One economist, writing about the twenty-five years following World War II, put it simply by saying that this was a 'quarter century of sustained growth at the highest rates in recorded history.' Former Prime Minister Edward Heath of Great Britain agreed, observing that the United States at the time was enjoying 'the greatest prosperity the world has ever known.'" James T. Patterson, historian, Grand Expectations: The United States, 1945-1974, published in 1996   Question: Many of the federal policies and initiatives passed in the 1960s address which of the following about the economic trend described in the excerpt?
Students at Medieval Universities studied ______ as their basic baccalaureate
Who founded the Umayyad Dynasty?
In class we talked about how sharks and elasmobranchs are among the more overexploited and threatened of marine taxa.  Why are sharks increasingly targeted in fisheries since the 1970s (1)? What are the main products of elasmobranch fisheries (2)?  List up to 3 countries that are the most active in elasmobranch fisheries (3).
A nurse is preparing a teaching session about reducing the risk of complications of Diabetes Mellitus. Which of the following information should the nurse plan to include in the teaching? Select all that apply.
Which of the following concepts ensures respect for each individual as a human being rather than by his/her disability?
14) T or F. Because mucous membranes line all regions of the body that are open to the external environment, this means that the entire alimentary canal is technical "outside" the body.
The video "What is a SWOT Analysis?" points out that SWOT Analysis is useful in the idea generating technique of brainstorming.
A third party can never sue one of the partners of a partnership without suing all members of the partnership.
According to the Social Dilemma, the Myanmar government used Facebook as a means to achieve what political end, ?
The mitotic spindle plays a critical role in which of the following processes?
Lisa is trying to decide on the location of her entrepreneurial venture Flower Power, a specialty wedding flower service. She has three possible locations (A, B, C) in mind. Lisa has projected that in the first year of operation, under ideal conditions, her company would generate $80,000 at Location A, $55,000 at Location B, and $45,000 at Location C. However, after further analysis, Lisa has determined that there is only a 20 percent chance of ideal conditions occurring during the first year of operation in Location A. Locations B and C have a .4 and a .8 probability, respectively, for ideal conditions during the first year of operations. Based on this information, which location should Lisa choose?
