The engineering school at a major university claims that 20% of its graduates are women. In a graduating class of 210 students, 58 were females.  Does this suggest that the school is believable? Use a = 0.05. List the hypotheses, the critical value(s), the test value (test statistic) and briefly (1-2 sentences) explain why the school is or is not believable.
A 45-year-old married monogamous female is seen in the clinic with complaints of foul-smelling vaginal discharge that appears thin and gray colored. On physical exam, the patient is negative for cervicitis and negative for ulcers, fistulas, or foreign body. Vaginal pH is 7.5. The Which of the following differentials are most likely?
This virulence factor is an intracellular-targeting exotoxin. It is a neurotoxin that blocks release of acetylcholine and stops muscle contraction and results in flaccid paralysis.
Trade Dress refers to the overall appearance of the business.
Suppose that a scientific idea is well-tested and can be used to make predictions in numerous new situations, but cannot explain one particular event. This idea is a
You have just orally intubated a patient and are in the process of confirming endotracheal tube placement. Auscultation reveals gurgling over the epigastrum and an absence of breath sounds on the right and left chest. You should
A family of directions in a unit-cell has the same __, the same__ and the same local __.
A hydropower turbine fed with water from a reservoir is shown. The total length of the pipe line is 100 m, with a diameter of 0.5 m. Assuming the friction factor to be 0.03 at a flow rate of 0.5 m3/s, and ignoring minor losses, the power generation potential of this system (kW) is most nearly
Paula arrived at the party [at 5:00.] Test #1:     Name of test:                        Result of applying the test: Test #2:      Name of test:                          Result of applying the test:   Are the bracketed words a phrase?
Which of the following statements are true regarding networks?   The structure of ties within an individual's network is more predictive of key individual performance outcomes (such as pay, promotions, and influence) than the number of ties within the individual's network  Increased density in a network tends to negatively impact cohesion  When Person A's alters are connected to one another, then Person A is likely a broker between the alters  Cross-border mergers/acquisitions are more successful among firms led by a CEO with a very diverse network
What is the least reliable weaning index?
Which type of impression tray is least likely to distort when removed from the patient's mouth?
The Hb-2 proteins are likely more flexible than the Hb-1 proteins.
Elementary Probability and Statistics - Test 4 Show Working      A die was rolled 300 times. The following frequencies were recorded.    Outcome         1       2       3       4       5       6 Frequency    62     45    63     32     47    51   Do these data indicate that the die is unfair ? Use a 1% level of significance.                              How do you calculate expected frequencies for cells in a contingency table in a test of independence ? How are the degrees of freedom calculated ?                       Samples of US Congress members were taken. One sample was Democratic and the other Republican. The number of dollars spent on federal projects in each congressperson's home district was recorded.                                                                     Dollars Spent               Party.              < 5 billion        5-10 billion       > 10 billion            Row Total               Democratic             8                       15                            22                          45               Republican            12                      19                            16                          47               Column Total        20                      34                            38                          92                 Use a 5% level of significance to test whether congressional members of each               political party spent designated amounts in the same proportions.                              Pearson's correlation coefficient, r, takes values in what range ? If the x and y labels on the variables are switched when calculating r, is it true or false that the value of r will change ?               Consider the following data on study time (x) and subsequent test score ( y).  x  20     15  12  10    7  4 y  100  85  75  72  64  40 Calculate Pearson's correlation coefficient for this data. ( Show working )                                Find the equation of the simple linear regression line for the data in question 5 ( Show working ).                           Calculate and interpret the coefficient of determination for the data and regression from question 5.                       a) For the regression in question 5, find the predicted test score for a       student who studies for 12 hours               b) Is the calculation in a) an example of interpolation or extrapolation ?       Why ?              For the regression line in question 6, interpret the slope and y intercept of the line.                         10.   A comparison is made between two bus lines to determine if arrival times of their regular hours from Denver to Durango are off schedule by the same amount of time. For 51 randomly selected buses, bus line A was observed to be off schedule an average of 53 mins, with standard deviation 19 mins. For 60 randomly selected runs, bus line B was observed to be off schedule an average of 62 mins, with standard deviation 15 mins. Do the data indicate a significant difference in average off-schedule times? Use a 5% level of significance.                             11. A sample of 25 workers with employer provided health insurance paid an average premium of $6600 with a standard deviation of $800. Construct a 95% confidence interval for the mean premium amount paid by all workers who have employer provided health insurance.                               12. Assume that IQ scores are normally distributed with mean 100 and standard deviation 15 points. If 100 people are randomly chosen, what is the probability that the sample mean will be between 98 and 104 points ?                           13. It is known that about 64% of people who are murdered knew the person who murdered them.  .  ( p = 0.64 ). 63 unsolved murder cases are examined. Use the normal approximation to the binomial distribution to find the probability that at least 35 of the victims knew their murderers.                           14. A company allows free returns of it's products within one week after purchase. An average of 2 out of 10 products sold are returned within one week. Using the Poisson distribution, find the probability that exactly 7 out of 40 products sold on a given day will be returned within one week.                         15. In a village in Hawaii, about 80% of the residents are of Hawaiian ancestry. Let n be the number people you meet until you encounter the 1st person of Hawaiian ancestry in the village. Write a formula for the probability distribution of the random variable n. Compute the probability that n=4.                   16. In January in Hawaii, 60% of the days have surf at least 6 feet. At the start of the month, you pick 7 days randomly for vacation. What is the probability that at least 5 of your 7 vacation days have surf at least 6 feet ?                         17. Roll an unfair die. X     1       2       3         4         5      6                                   P(X)  0.2   0.1   0.25    0.05     0.1     ?         What does P(6) need to be for this to be a valid probability distribution?            What is the expected value when this die is rolled?
A child in the preoperational stage cannot understand a family tree, but a child in the concrete operational phase can. Piaget claims that this is because a child in the concrete operational level can
A pregnant woman needs a LDL-lowering agent. What is the contraindicated class of LDL-lowering agents for pregnant women?
When the nurse is explaining to the client the etiology of type 1 diabetes, what process should the nurse describe?
What is the binary number system based on?
Retailers accumulate merchandise from producers in large amounts and sell to consumers in smaller amounts. Retailers function as
In 1991, during Operation Desert Storm, U.S. Air Force F117A pilots flew 1170 combat sorties for a total of 6995 hours. This question is part of a quiz or exam given at Arizona State University, copywritten by Dr. L. Chattin.  It may not be reproduced, posted or distributed without permission of Arizona State University and L. Chattin.  The [x] mean duration of an F117A mission during this operation was [y][z]. Select the answers closest to yours.
