1. Choose one of the scenarios below. Review the patient information below AND identify which scenario you are using in your answer. (Failure to identify the scenario will result in zero points for the question)  2. List the appropriate modality & parameters (including patient position and patient education (  4 pts) 3. Provide two interventions that are appropriate for the scenario (ie: self-traction, stretches, strengthening, spinal stabilization, functional progression) including description or name of intervention, patient position, duration, and frequency.  (10 pts) Case # 1  43yo male, 200#  C/o R sided LBP shooting down his R LE resulting in difficulty walking and tripping d/t toe catching on the ground   Pt works as a contractor and reports having increased radicular pain when working at a construction site for more than 2 hours.   Case # 2  42 yo female Presents in WC, unable to walk, Hx of recurrent LBP for more than 2 yrs Failed discectomy at L5-S1 3 yrs ago Radiography shows L4-5 disc prolapse. Pain c/o severe pain radiating down her L leg  How to answer: Identify which question you are answering such as 1. Answer. Write in a numbered/bulleted list. (Make sure each answer you provide is easily identifiable with each part of the questions above. Thanks! I want you to get as many points as possible!
During morning medication rounds a client begins to move closer and closer to the nurse.  What action should the nurse take?
2. Part 1: Which process can you use to cut metal objects with?
Which of the following is not a feature of a population?
Which of the following intangible assets has a life of 10 years?
A coup injury resulting from a punch to the frontal portion of the skull would occur in which region of the brain?
Which of the following best describes the Latin phrase "suum cuique tribuere"?
An 18-year-old patient is in the emergency department with fever and cough. The nurse obtains vital signs, auscultates lung sounds, listens to heart sounds, determines patient's level of comfort, and collects blood and sputum samples for analysis. Which standard of practice is performed
The Cinamon and Blustein article on Shame and Conteporary Work emphasizes that counselors should look at this emotion because
Initiation of translation requires
The Qur'an is formed by messages Muhammad believed he received from God through an angel.
The primary type of grid used in diagnostic imaging is:
To become a board-certified radiologist, the traditional course of study would follow what educational sequence after high school?
The Calvin-Benson cycle takes in [x] and [y] from the light reaction and also [z] to make carbohydrates.
An abnormal sticky protein that lines the blood vessels causing clot formation is called:
Distortion that occurs when the x-ray beam is angled causing the part to appear shorter than it actually is:
46.  According to your lectures and textbook, Maxwell et al (Texas Politics Today), which individual was the state's first elected Republican governor since Governor E. J. Davis?
The Late Work Policy establishes that:
Which of the following is primarily used for irregularly shaped parcels of land?
The thyroid gland produces hormones important to cellular metabolism and blood calcium (Ca2+) levels.  Which of the following statements are true?
