How long does it take for a rotating object to speed up from 15.0 rad/s to 33.3 rad/s if it has a uniform angular acceleration of 3.45 rad/s2?
In the upper left-hand corner of the first page should be the following information:
Read the sentence.By the time Yesenia arrived at the rodeo, all of the calf roping and bronco riding had ended.What verb tense is formed by the italicized words?
When considering whether to include the use of kinesiotape as an adjunct to treatment for shoulder stabilization, it is important to consider which of the following?
Which of the following is an agranular WBC?
The trapezius muscle would be innervated by which cranial nerve?
The Second Reform Bill of 1867 in Great Britain resulted in
Which of the following symbols represent the standard normal curve?
The EPA (NAAQS) set ambient pollutant standards to address 12 criteria pollutants.
Which of the following is TRUE about neurotransmitters?
2.2   Noem een van die borge van die reis.   (1)
A high-frequency filter can be referred to as:
The general framework that underlies most diagnosing in OD is call the 'open-system model and its properties are described as ___________.
What primary metaphor is associated with Iago's progressive deception? You may remember this image(s) from the quotes your group read in class.
What factor does not influence voting practices?
42) Some birds follow moving swarms of army ants in the tropics. As the ants march along the forest floor hunting insects and small vertebrates, birds follow and pick off any insects or small vertebrates that fly or jump out of the way of the ants. This situation is an example of what kind of species interaction between the birds and the ants?
A state law that places a significant burden on religion is unconstitutional.
Most of the mass in our galaxy is in the form of:
Remember, once time runs out, it is too late to upload your Simio file without significant penalty in points.  You need to stop your test a few minutes before time runs out to insure that you have time to upload your Simio (.spfx) file. Only two pages of single-sided notes are allowed.  The only scratch paper are the two pages you have for notes.  Hand held calculators are allowed, but not your cell phone.  Do not use the Math.If( ) function. When you are finished, close Simio, then upload the Simio (.spfx) file before time runs out.  Only one upload is allowed. Problem Description There are four truck arrivals (make these green colored entities) per day scheduled to arrive at at 6AM, 10AM, noon, and 4PM each day.  The arrival time of the trucks are not always exactly at their scheduled times but can be as much as 5 minutes early or as much as 15 minutes late; however, the trucks are most often on time.  Each truck delivers exactly 3 parts.  To model this truck arrival process, use the "Arrival Table" Mode in a source.  Also, for your simulation, let TimeNow=0 refer to 6AM.  In addition to parts arriving by truck, there are individually arriving parts (make these red colored entities) that have exponentially distributed inter-arrival times where the mean inter-arrival time depends on the time of day (in other words, the arrival process of red entities is a non-stationary Poisson process).  Specifically, between 6AM and noon the mean time between arrivals is 20 minutes, between noon and 6PM the mean time between arrivals is 10 minutes, and between 6PM and 6AM the mean time between arrivals is 30 minutes. All parts first go to a batch processor.  This batch processor services two parts at a time and the processing time has a Pert distribution with parameters 20, 25, 30 minutes.  Both parts in the batch must have the same color (i.e., truck arrivals are always paired with truck arrivals and individual arrivals are always paired with other individual arriving parts).  For verification purposes, you should animate the batches so a visual check can be made that the batches sizes are two and both parts in the batch are the same color.  Hint:  to keep parts from being backed up, it is important to begin by releasing two parent entities for the batch processor. After the batch processor, all parts on processed through a single-server processor that treats each part individually (i.e., the batches do not stay together as a unit after the batch processor).  The processing time for each individual green entity is exponentially distributed with mean 15 minutes.  The processing time for each individual red entity is exponentially distributed with mean 12 minutes.  After the single-server processor, all parts leave the system.  The following travel times are 5 minutes:  (1) from green source to the batch processor, (2) from red source to the batch processor, (3) from the batch processor to the single-server processor, and (4) from the single-server processor to the exit of the system. All assignment statements and tallies must be done through Processes. Run the simulation for 50 days with only one replication (i.e., no experiment and no warmup period) and estimate the following based on the 50 days:  (1) The average total number of red parts in the system at 7AM, (2) the total daily throughput of parts for the system (throughput includes both red and green parts), and (3) the average time (in minutes) that a red part that arrives between 6AM and noon spends in the system.  (Note that (3) is the time in system averaged only over those parts that are red and arrive to the system in the morning.)  These three values must appear in the Results tab. In a floor label, give the expected (i.e., theoretical) value for the daily throughput.
Which of the following would be true of a person with a complete (totally severed) spinal cord injury at T5 (fifth thoracic level)?
