If the roof area in Fig 1 shown is 1204 SF, the number of three tab asphalt shingles needed for roofing is: The shingles are 3 feet long, one foot wide, and their exposure is 4.5 inches. The starter courses need double shingles.    Fig 1: Roof Framing Plan
Finch Corporation uses the total cost method of product pricing. Below is cost information for the production and sale of 60,000 units of its sole product. Finch desires a profit equal to a 25% return on invested assets of $700,000.      Fixed factory overhead cost  $38,700    Fixed selling and administrative costs  7,500    Variable direct materials cost per unit  4.60    Variable direct labor cost per unit  1.88    Variable factory overhead cost per unit  1.13    Variable selling and administrative cost per unit  4.50       The cost per unit for the production and sale of Finch's product is
When individuals are deprived of the right to vote, they are:
Which types of minerals are most likely to experience oxidation during chemical weathering?
Kenethia enjoys knitting. When she begins college, she has less time for knitting and finally stops altogether. After graduation, she wants to knit again, so she practices with her needles until she is good at it again. This is an example of ________, a means of retrieving information out of your long-term memory storage system.
Identify at least 3 things wrong with the following matching question:  (6 points)   Directions: Match A to B     Column A   Column B      physical development     sets out the middle level philosophy      B.   This We Believe   2.  often triggered by hormonal changes     C.   emotional development   3. influences every other type of development     D.  intellectual development   4.  characterized by an increase in metacognitive abilities          5. the driving force created by the need/desire to conform.      Please number your responses. IGNORE the weird formatting as an issue.
Amazon.com     From the start, Amazon.com has been in a hurry to be a success. According to company founder and chief executive officer (CEO) Jeff Bezos, "Our initial strategy was very focused and very unidimensional. It was GBF: Get big fast. We put that on our shirts at the company picnic."     With billions to spend from its initial stock offering (Amazon's stock quickly rose to over $100 per share), Amazon spent $400 million to build eight high-tech warehouses across the country. Why spend that much for warehouses? In theory, each was capable of shipping 60 million items per year, and Amazon needed to control the entire buying transaction, beginning with online ordering, proceeding to quick warehouse handling and boxing, and ending with timely shipping and delivery. And, believing that their growth would parallel its own, Amazon then spent $350 million to buy large shares of two Internet retailers, Kozmo.com and Pets.com. Kozmo.com promised the ability to deliver thousands of items from gourmet foods to CDs and movies to customers' homes in 11 major cities within one hour after an order was placed. Pets.com was supposed to grow because Americans spend over $30 billion a year on their pets, but the pet industry was still comprised largely of small family-owned stores and was not yet dominated by a "big box" retailer like Home Depot.     Unfortunately, Amazon grew so fast that it soon lost control of the basics. Despite the billions it had raised, Amazon burned money so quickly that it had to issue bonds to raise another $2.2 billion to keep the company running. Still, it had only enough business and cash to run six of those new warehouses. Consequently, the company took a $400 million loss to close two of the warehouses and lay off 1,500 people. Furthermore, the six remaining warehouses were poorly run. Defective products which should have been returned to manufacturers sat on the shelves wasting space. Mystery orders, like a truckload of unordered kitchen knives, kept showing up. Instead of declining the deliveries, workers put whole truckloads of unordered items on the shelves. Amazon's frustrated chief of operations said, "We kept it all--we just kept it. We put it on the shelf and said, 'I don't know.' " In fact, Amazon had so much unsold inventory in its warehouses that CEO Bezos sent out an email with a point-blank message, "Get the crap out." Finally, Amazon's $350 million investment in Kozmo.com and Pets.com evaporated when both filed for bankruptcy.     Amazon's problem was not its sales, which were growing exponentially, but poor management. As a result, its stock, once valued at over $100 per share, dropped to a low of $6. As for profits, founder Bezos cautioned patience, saying, "Look at USA Today; it took 11 years to become profitable." However, Amazon has lost over $3 billion since its inception. Although the company has finally earned its first profits, that profit amounted to only $5 million on $1.12 billion in sales in its fourth quarter (October to December), and Amazon still lost $45 million for the year. Furthermore, it still has long-term debt of $2.2 billion to pay off at the rate of $120 million per year. Results like these would have cost any other CEO his or her job. If Amazon is ultimately to survive and be profitable, what does it need to do to become a more efficiently run company?Refer to Amazon.com. CEO Jeff Bezos must wrestle with basic management issues such as how to get more done at Amazon with a minimum of effort, expense, or waste. In other words, Bezos must make Amazon more:
The complete skeleton is formed by the end of the third month of gestation.
Calculate the mass of one atom of lead.  To receive full credit: You must solve this problem using the factor-unit method. Use the math equation editor in the toolbar  (click the 3 vertical dots to expand the toolbar - the equation editor is the,  key ) to enter your conversions and units.  Or, show your work on a separate sheet of paper and upload a picture of your work into the Lab Exam 1 Pictures dropbox immediately after submission of the exam.
Why does an entrepreneur need to complete a business plan? Who is a business plan for? What is included in a business plan?
In an enzyme, the substrate binds to the __________ .
The marine biologist studying Hawaiian volcano shrimp (Halocaridina rubra) was so impressed with your statistical skills (Exam 1) that she has requested additional statistical assistance. Recall that she collected shrimp from coral reefs and then performed an experiment to test the effect of ocean acidity on shrimp growth. At the end of her experiment, she measured the total body length (cm) of each of 40 shrimp: 20 from a normal acidity treatment and 20 from a high acidity treatment. Based on the species description these shrimp typically grow to 1.5cm in length. The biologist would like to compare each of the treatments to this known value. Complete each of the following tests using the shrimp data.
Salina is nervous about her upcoming tennis match with her new team. Instead of getting a good night's sleep prior to the match, she goes to a party and stays out late. Salina is engaging in:
11. (3 pts) A polynomial is graphed. None of the functions listed below could be the correct function for this graph. For EACH function listed, explain why it CANNOT be the function for this graph. No numbers are listed on the axes of the graph, so you have to go by characteristics of polynomials rather than by specific numbers.    [If image doesn't appear, it is a polynomial function whose left end goes up and right end goes down. The axes aren't labeled with numbers. The graph "bounces off" the x-axis at a spot to the left of the y-axis, has a positive y-intercept, then continues down through the x-axis on the right.] a. f(x) = 2(x + 4)2(x - 2) b. f(x) = -(x - 2)2(x + 4) c. f(x) = -x4 + 2x3 - 5x2 + 2x + 1
Which of the following forms at the highest grade of regional metamorphism?
When the word, "Deaf," is capitalized, it indicates:
People with high self-awareness and self-esteem are ___.
A patient in the emergency department is diagnosed with pelvic inflammatory disease (PID). Before discharge, the nurse will provide the patient with some health teaching about:
The nurse is teaching a group of parents about child health issues.  When addressing this group, which of the following should the nurse keep in mind?
In class, the point was made that organizations have been growing flatter in the recent times. The primary driver of this trend is...
