NOTE: Questions 30 through 35 are based on this article: GE Exits Lightbulb Business It Pioneered  General Electric Co. is getting out of the business of making lightbulbs, selling a unit that defined the company for nearly a century and was its last direct link to consumers. GE GE -2.19% said it would sell its lighting business to Savant Systems Inc., a seller of home-automation technology. Terms of the deal weren't disclosed, but the transaction valued the unit at around $250 million, including assumed liabilities, according to a person familiar with the matter. The deal had an equity value of less than $100 million, this person said. GE had been looking to sell the business for several years. The conglomerate once made refrigerators and microwaves as well as bulbs but has exited those consumer businesses as part of a yearslong restructuring. It has shifted its focus to making heavy equipment, like power turbines, aircraft engines and hospital machines. GE Lighting will remain based in Cleveland, and its more than 700 employees will transfer to Savant, which will also get a long-term license for the GE brand. GE no longer discloses revenue for the lighting business, which it slimmed down over the years. The unit traces its roots back to GE's founding 130 years ago when Thomas Edison invented the first viable incandescent lamp. In 1935, the first Major League Baseball night game was played under GE lights. A GE engineer invented the LED light in 1962. For decades, GE's home appliances and lightbulbs formed a link between American consumers and one of the country's oldest and largest industrial companies. The company's popular TV ad campaigns promised to "Bring good things to life," but the growth and profitability of the consumer businesses waned. GE got out of making television sets and small appliances like toasters under former Chief Executive Officer Jack Welch. His successor, Jeff Immelt, continued the shift, exiting the NBCUniversal media business and in 2016 selling the large appliances business to Haier Group. GE gave the Chinese buyer the right to continue to use its brand on stoves, fridges and other appliances for several decades as part of the deal. Thousands of workers and a sprawling factory complex in Louisville, Ky., were transferred in that deal. More recently, the company has been selling off industrial units--such as its locomotive, oil-equipment and biopharma units. It has used the proceeds to pare down its debts after a plunge in profits at its power and financial-services divisions prompted the company to slash its cash dividend to a token penny a share and overhaul its board and executive ranks. It has also shrunk GE's scope--leaving the company with about 205,000 employees at the start of 2020. CEO Larry Culp, who took over in 2018, had depended on GE's thriving aviation division in order to turn around the company, but the coronavirus pandemic has crippled the airline industry. GE has cut thousands of jobs in its aviation business and warned that a restructuring of its large power unit could take years. GE had previously shed its Current business, which sold commercial lighting systems, along with parts of its overseas lighting operations. GE's traditional bulb rivals have also scaled back in the past decade, and many of the buyers have been Chinese companies. GE spent years trying to sell the lighting business, a largely commoditized and low-margin division, before striking the deal to sell its Current business in 2018. The company had spoken to Chinese suitors about the lighting business, but pivoted as the Trump administration increased scrutiny of the security risks of selling to Chinese companies, the person familiar with the matter said. The transaction is expected to close quickly, possibly within a month, due to it being structured in a way that will limit antitrust clearance required, this person said. Savant, founded in 2005, is based in Hyannis, Mass. The company specializes in smart-home systems that control features such as lighting, entertainment, temperature and security settings all in one place. Robert Madonna, Savant's founder and CEO, said he plans to maintain Savant as a premium brand and use the GE Lighting business to sell products to the consumer market. GE Lighting already sells smart-home lighting and switches through its "C by GE" branding. "Lighting is an extremely important piece of the smart home," Mr. Madonna said. "And you can do it at a consumer price point."   The decision to sell the GE Lighting business to Savant Systems Inc. is an example of strategy making at what level?
Does a reaction with a positive [?]S and a negative [?]H favor reactants or products?
1.8   A sample of hydrocarbon contains 82.75% carbon per mass. The empirical formula of the compound will be _____.   (2)
Which structure of the electrical system is the primary pacemaker for the heart?
What does "A36" mean?
Anchor the ___________ finger at home while you press the TAB key.
Provide the synthetic route (the reactions in order) required to make the following compound (1-chloro-3-nitrobenzene) from benzene and any reagents needed.   Number the steps for full credit. Points for using the correct reagents, points for using the right order to obtain the product.
Pablo Picasso and Georges Braque pursued investigations that led to the art movement_________
Look at Text 1: Match the headings (1-5) to the appropriate section (A-C) in Text 1. There are more summaries than you need. (Match 3 of the 5 summaries)
A 64-year-old woman with a history of hypertension and angina pectoris presents with chest pain for the last 3 hours. She describes the pain as "sharp," it is worse when she inhales deeply, and it is not relieved by sublingual nitroglycerin. Her ECG shows ST elevation in most leads. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient?
The thick white capsule that covers each testes is called the
Which cell is at resting membrane potential?
In Agile projects the easiest portions of the system are built in the first few iterations.
Assume numList is assigned a list such as [0,0,2,2,3,3,3].Create a list called new_numlist that contains only the unique odd values of numlist.
Acoustic Onsets, a neural representations of speech is the most likely to change following training.
Both spherical and chromatic aberrations can be reduced by doing which of the following?
What three features are common to all respiratory and photosynthetic pathways?
By protecting one species, many other species would also be protected. The protected species is most accurately defined most accurately defined as a(n)
Select the 2 positioning errors that occurred on this PA oblique hand radiograph.
The four general phases of the Project Management Life Cycle are:
