Discuss ONE of the top ten mistakes commonly made with ultrasound application as described by Draper. State the mistake, the impact, and the solution. (2 points)
Gates Company leases a piece of machinery to Trueheart Inc. on January 1, 2020, under the following terms: 1. The lease is to be for 4 years with rental payments of $28,945 to be made at the beginning of each year.2. The machinery' has a fair value of $138,000, a book value of $95,000, and an economic life of 12 years.3. At the end of the lease term, both parties expect the machinery to have a residual value of $40,000. To protect against a large loss, Gates requests Trueheart to guarantee $25,000 of the residual value, which Trueheart agrees to do.4. The lease does not transfer ownership at the end of the lease term, does not have any bargain purchase options, and the asset is not of a specialized nature.5. The implicit rate is 6%, which is known by Trueheart.6. Collectibility of the payments is probable, and Gates has no other obligations to Trueheart.Instructions: (Round all numbers to the nearest dollar.)(a) Evaluate the criteria for classification of the lease, and describe the nature of the lease for the lessee and lessor.(b) Prepare the journal entries for Trueheart for the year 2020.(c) Prepare the journal entries for Gates for the year 2020.
If a specimen was being viewed using a 100x objective and 10x oculars, what would be the total magnification?
What is the mean of the following numbers? 1,5,4,6,4
Why is it important you not remain lethargic in your teaching career?
A solenoid coil with 25 turns of wire is wound tightly around another coil with 300 turns. The inner solenoid is 25.0 cm long and has a diameter of 2.00 cm. At a certain time, the current in the inner solenoid is 0.120 A and is increasing at a rate of 1.75 x 103 A/s. For this time, calculate the mutual inductance of the two solenoids.
The style of conflict resolution that is considered a win-win approach is
Match the following daily activities.  Use each response only once.
Sensory signals of touch from the skin would be transmitted into the spinal cord through the
Which of the following rock types represents the highest grade of metamorphism?
During sympatric speciation
The nurse teaches a patient with cancer of the liver about high-protein, high-calorie diet choices. Which snack choice by the patient indicates that the teaching has been effective?
What is the priority of care for an older adult client with diabetes mellitus and chronic renal failure who has an order for an intravenous pyleogram (IVP)?
What muscle is indicated?
A. Vocabulaire : Ecrivez une definition en francais pour 2 des 3 mots ou expressions suivants. (4 points) un SDF               le sans-papiers                une association caritative          1.  2.
Identify the error in the following sentence. If your undecided about whether or not to join an exercise class, consider that you might meet new friends while getting healthier.
The primary role of the B-complex vitamins is to:
'r-selected' species are especially good at efficient re-colonization of disturbed areas.
Psychological health is best described as encompassing
Which of the following is true of introns?
