Question 3 - Database Open the 3ArtData-database, it contains data about artists in a gallery, shared as an example for those Gr12's interested in art as a career.     3.1   Edit the tblArtists table as follows:         3.1.1   Remove the ID field.   (1)     3.1.2   Change the data type of the Name field to a more suitable data type.   (1)     3.1.3   Set the field properties of the Cellnumber field so that the user is forced to enter data in this field.   (1)     3.1.4   Set the field properties of the StreetName field so that it will not accept more than 25 characters.   (1)     3.1.5   Insert a field named PostalCode between the City field and the E-mail field.   (2)     3.1.6   Change the format of the E-mail field to display the address in lower case.   (1)     3.1.7   The Genre field allows the user to choose only one option from a list of options. Change a property of the Genre field to allow the user to choose more than one genre. NOTE: If a warning appears, select 'Yes'.   (1)     3.1.8   Create an input mask on the ArtistCode field to ensure that the user inserts a code for the artist in the following format:  ONE compulsory letter Followed by ONE compulsory letter or digit Followed by at least ONE digit, but possibly TWO digits  Examples of a valid ArtistCode include: x35, Aa3, gg52   (4)     Save and close the tblArtists table.         3.2   Create a new form called frm3_2 based on the tblArtists table.  Include ALL the fields. Add your examination number in the form header. Change the font colour of the Name field so that ALL names display in red.  Save and close the frm3_2 form.   (5)     3.3   Open the qry3_3 query based on the tblData table.  Modify the query so that it displays the total amount of each TypeDescription, as shown below. Sort the values from the highest to the lowest on the ArtistPrice field to display as follows:   Right-click on this button and select the "Open link in new tab" option Save and close the qry3_3 query.   (5)     3.4   An error was made in the database when dates were captured incorrectly.Open the qry3_4 query and do the following:  Add a calculated field called NoDays, which will determine for how many days the work of art has been exhibited, using the DateIn field and the DateOut field. Errors will show as a negative value. Display only the error records where the DateIn value is after the DateOut value. Display only the DateIn field, the DateOut field and the new calculated field, NoDays.  Save and close the qry3_4 query.   (7)     3.5   Open the qry3_5 query and do the following: Display only the records of those artists whose price (ArtistPrice) was more than R2 500 AND whose art pieces were sold (Sold). Save and close the qry3_5 query.   (4)     3.6   Open the rpt3_6 report and turn on 'Group & Sort', if it is not already displayed.  Add the current date and time in the report footer. Insert a function to determine the total ArtistPrice for art pieces per TypeDescription. Change the grouping of the DateOut field to display per month instead of per year. Ensure that the text box in the DateOut header displays the month.  Save and close the rpt3_6 report.   (7)     Save and close the 3ArtData-database.  Upload your saved version of 3ArtData.accdb under Question 3 in the UPLOAD Quiz (NO .PDF/.laccdb FILES)   [40]
Ingredients on food labels are listed from:
In the leucine zipper family of DNA binding proteins,
A generator has a theoretical yield of 11.7 MBq. We elute the generator and collect 9.8 MBq . What is the efficiency of the generator ?
Which intervention should be implemented for lower leg cellulitis?
The duration of exercise needed to improve and maintain cardiorespiratory fitness is A) 20-60 minutes per session B) 75-85 minutes per session C) 5-10 minutes per session D) none of the above
Match each of the Python types with the appropriate match concerning the their elements.
A PA radiograph of the sternoclavicular (SC) joints demonstrates unequal distance from the SC joints to the midline of the spine. The left SC joint is farther from the sternum than the right. What specific positioning error is present on this radiograph?
Do you enjoy competition?
The longest part of the male urethra is the _____.
The period of time between the completion of a performance attempt and the provision of feedback is termed
List the following values of trigonometric functions for special angles. Give exact answers (not decimals). a.)
History never repeats itself exactly, but there are close parallels, such asthat between the American Revolution and the Vietnam War. In both cases,an extremely powerful country was fighting thousands of miles from homeagainst a relatively small native army, which was supported and supplied bya third country. In the case of the Revolution, France was the third country;in the case of Vietnam, it was the Soviet Union. Just as the British, withtheir command of the sea, could land troops wherever they wished on theAtlantic coast, so could the United States, with its air superiority, airlifttroops wherever it wished in Vietnam. Both wars were extremelyunpopular at home. But the most striking of the resemblances between thetwo is that while both great powers often defeated their enemies in largebattles, neither was eventually able to win the war.   The main organizational pattern of the paragraph is:
What "matter" did Gatsby have Jordan Baker discuss with Nick?
Water, H2O, is an example of a(n) ________.
The nurse is caring for a client with a potassium level of 5.9 mEq/L. The client requests eggs, bacon, a banana and an orange daily for breakfast. Which is the best response by the nurse?
The complete construction of diagnostic radiographic film includes
Problem 3a) Verilog Questions Multiple choice, choose your answer from buttons provided. When do you declare a variable datatype reg? A) When  it is an output of a module B) If and only if that variable is assigned to a value in an always or initial block C) In a parent module when it is passed to a child module where it is declared reg D) If it is assigned using a continuous assign E) None of the above
A biologist wants to determine if a population of snails evolves in response to the introduction of a predator species.  Snail shells come in three colors.   Homozygous dominant shells (AA) are dark brown, heterozygous shells (Aa) are tan, and homozygous recessive shells (aa) are yellow.   At the start of the study, prior to the introduction of the predator species, there are 15 dark brown snails, 30 tan snails, and 16 yellow snails.  Five years after the introduction of the predator species, there are 40 dark brown snails, 30 tan snails, and 6 yellow snails.   What are the observed genotype and allele frequencies at the start of the study?  Round all frequencies to 2 decimal places. AA =                                      Aa =                                        aa =  A =                                        a =    What are the expected genotype frequencies at the start of the study if the population is in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium?   Round all frequencies to 2 decimal places. AA =                                      Aa =                                         aa =    What are the observed genotype and allele frequencies after 5 years of predation?  Round all frequencies to 2 decimal places. AA =                                      Aa =                                         aa =  A =                                        a =    Based on your calculations, is it likely that the population is evolving in response to predation or not?  Explain your reasoning.
DQ2:  The provider has ordered Albuterol syrup 1.5 mg PO. The pharmacy supplies Albuterol 3 mg/6 mL. How may mL should the nurse administer to the patient?
