Consider the following:  What is the output for the following statements:  (1,2,3)
A healthy human can afford to lose 5% of his/her body water, but cannot afford to lose more than 10% of his/her body water.
Dr. Mann Use the following patient case and PN order details to answer the following question.  DJ is status post MVA (motor vehicle accident) with a left femur fracture, right tibia/fib fracture, and blunt abdominal trauma with subsequent exploratory laparotomy. He has developed postoperative ileus and will be started on TPN, as he is expected to need to remain NPO for at least the next 7 days and will not be able to use an enteral route for feeding during this time.  He is considered to be under metabolic stress, has not had PO intake for 3days.  A nutritional workup by the registered dietician has determined that this patient is considered to be "nutritionally at risk," so the decision was made by the team to move forward with parenteral nutrition. Other relevant patient factors include: His height is 6 feet tall and his weight is 70 kg.  DJ does not report significant weight loss within the past few months. DJ does not report using alcohol, tobacco, or any other illicit substances. DJ does not have any relevant past medical history and did not take any other medications prior to admission. DJ has been receiving the standard electrolyte protocol in the ICU, and this morning's BMP showed his electrolytes to be within normal limits.  He is considered hemodynamically stable The medical resident puts in an initial order for parenteral nutrition (PN) with a note on the order for "pharmacy to adjust dextrose to recommended calorie targets."  Initial Order for the 24-hour PN bag contains:                Dextrose 50%                                                                            450gm (900mL) Amino acids 10%                                                                       110gm (1100mL) Fat emulsion 20% (this product supplies 2kcal/mL)                     250 mL Electrolytes, micronutrients, fluids                                             According to standard ranges   *Note, the dietician suggest to target a fat content between 20 - 35% of total calories to start, and protein within 10 - 35% of total calories to start.  These amounts may be adjusted according to response in the coming days.  Based on this patient's estimated energy requirements (ie: only caloric content from macronutrients), is this order/formulation appropriate?  Why or why not and how would you adjust it?  Use the "AR" format from an SBAR to answer here.  You do NOT need to list or show me all of your calculations.  LIMIT YOUR ANSWER TO 300 words or less (the answer field has a word count in it).   Hints: Focus on changing the dextrose component to meet your target(s), while keeping the other 2 components the same.  Do not try to comment on the electrolytes/additives, fluid amount, or osmolarity here - assume these will all be added according to usual targets and are appropriate.  Just focus on the calorie content from macronutrients to answer this particular question.  Nitrogen content: 1gm nitrogen per 6.25gm protein.     A:   B:
What is a virus?
Alarm signals in primates are an example of
2. What is the name of the process shown below (whereby a cell takes up foreign DNA such as a plasmid)?     -->
An observer may conclude that the organizational culture of Zappos, an online retailer for shoes and clothing, might be the basis for its competitive advantage. However, reverse social engineering to crack Zappos' code of success might be much more difficult for a company trying to exactly imitate its strategy. Thus, the source of Zappos competitive advantage is said to be
Which hormone is required for ovulation and formation of the corpus luteum?
The transfer of genetic material from parent to offspring is called
A pendulum has a bob of mass , which is held at rest horizontally as in the figure. The pendulum is connected to a wall by a string of length . The string has a negligible mass, but it is not very strong: it cannot withstand tensions greater than . If the bob is released and let go, at what height  above the lowest point of its expected circular trajectory will the string break?
A direct capture digital radiography detector uses _____ as the receptor material.
What is the main difference between cerebral palsy and traumatic brain injury? (choose the BEST answer)
Based on the context, who do you suppose Lorelei and Luke are?
Assessment of an older adult's activities of daily living (ADLs) reveals specific functional deficits. Which component should the functional assessment also include?
Convert to the indicated form.a)     9.1% to decimal form    b)    0.0019 to percentage form
Ribosomes are made of proteins and DNA.
What happens when
Match the function to the cell type.
What is the output of the following program? public class Fruit{  public void myMethod()  {  System.out.println("Fruit");  } } public class Pear extends Fruit{  public void myMethod(int weight)  {  System.out.println("Pear");  }  public static void main(String[] args)  {  Pear pear = new Fruit();  pear.myMethod();  } }
Given these data for the reaction , what is the value, with units, for the rate constant?
