The principle of justice, as it relates to research, involves whether or not each person is treated:
Very increased serum bilirubin levels will most likely cause which of the following to be visualized on hepatobiliary images?
In explaining the amount of money spent on children's clothes each month, which of the following independent variables is best represented with an indicator variable?
Although single innervation by the autonomic nervous system is not as common as dual innervation, we did study one example of single innervation by the sympathetic branch. This example is _____.
In rapid sequence intubation (RSI), which of the following combinations are correct? (Medications are given to the patient in order they are listed below)
Which is TRUE regarding schizophrenia?
Below is a Free Energy graph for an exergonic reaction, reactants A and B are converted into products C and D via enzyme catalysis.     Match the letters to their appropriate description.
Which one is true for CSS and Javascript?
Which of the following conditions is a benign tumor of the adrenal medulla that secretes epinephrine?
From "Roman Fever" by Edith Wharton Where does Delphin Slade make it big?
Where is cerebrospinal fluid located?
How many pairs of chromosomes are in each human somatic cell?
Service excellence occurs only when top management provides leadership and demonstrates commitment. Top Management's commitment sets service quality standards, but store managers are the key to achieving those standards.
Which of the following can be used to differentiate between Staphylococcus and Streptococcus?
Which of the following is true about Mitosis?
The cultural norms of a country is an example of an informal institution.
Empresarios were provincial Mexican governors known for their mistreatment of whites and natives.
Comets are typically composed of
Which phase of mitosis is shown here?
(10 points) Beth Merchant is a developer who wishes to subdivide a large piece of property into small residential lots and to build affordable houses on the lots. Under federal regulations, housing is "affordable" only if it is acquired by a family whose annual income does not exceed 80% of the median income for the area. Beth plans to meet the federal requirements for affordable housing so that she can take advantage of federal tax credits. Beth's property is currently surrounded by residential neighborhoods. Many of the lots are one or more acres in size[1], and the houses do not meet the definition of affordable. The latest census data show that approximately 95% of the people living in these neighborhoods identify as white. When property owners find out about Beth's proposed development, a small (but vocal) group demands that the city block it. In response, the city council rezones the relevant area to include: (1) one mixed-use zone, accounting for roughly 10% of the area and permitting high-density housing, as well as commercial and industrial uses, and (2) rural zones, accounting for roughly 90% of the area and permitting new residential development with minimum lot sizes of one acre. The zoning amendments will prevent Beth from subdividing her property into smaller lots. Without the smaller lots, Beth will not be able to build affordable houses. Beth would like to challenge the city council's zoning amendments under the Fair Housing Act. What will Beth have to prove? What arguments might the city make in response? Make sure that you clearly state the relevant legal standards and identify relevant precedent as you apply the law to the facts. [1] An acre is approximately the size (about 75%) of one U.S. football field or 43,560 square feet.
