__________ of technology allowed cell phones to become smartphones.
What is (are) the major organic product(s) formed in the following reaction?
Achievement tests are designed to
Alpha and Beta were regular traders of various commercial crops. On May 1, Beta emailed Alpha asking, "what is your current best price for 20 tons of summer wheat, delivery on August 1? Please quote guaranteed price to be held open through May 31." Alpha immediately replied by email, "will sell 20 tons summer wheat, for August 1 delivery. Based on stated quantity, will guarantee $5 per ton price and availability through May 31." On May 2, Beta emailed Alpha, "accept your offer of 10 tons summer wheat, August 1 delivery, at $5 per ton." On May 3, Alpha replied, "sold out--no summer wheat available." On May 4, Beta emailed Alpha, "accept your offer of 20 tons, summer wheat, August 1 delivery." Have Alpha and Beta concluded a contract for the sale of summer wheat?
Which of these PFT findings are consistent with severe cases of TB?  Decreased FEV1/FVC ratio Decreased FVC Increased RV Normal or decreased tidal volume Decreased IC
Compare the advantages and disadvantages of fur versus blubber. Use two advantages and disadvantages of each type of insulation in your explanation. Refer to specific species in your answer.
Where should CO2 be more concentrated for it to go into the leaves of a plant?
A DPT obtains a gross measurement of hamstrings length by passively flexing the hip with the knee in extension (straight leg raise) of a patient in supine. The MOST common substitution to exaggerate hamstrings length is:
4.3   Describe how King John interfered with the Church and why this was problematic.
Officer Markus has just been informed that he is being semi-permanently assigned to a particular neighborhood and is expected to become familiar with the neighborhood, it's residents, and their problems and concerns. This is an example of ________ policing.
The ________ nervous system is responsible for skeletal muscle activity
Name the hormone released by the parafollicular cells of the thyroid gland. What is the stimulus for release of this hormone? What are the actions of this hormone?
In which sport/position might relative strength matter more than absolute strength?
Most forgetting results from a problem with ______
What was true about the fine arts during the Renaissance?
This question has three parts:  What is a disadvantage to housing laying chickens in conventional cage systems? (2 points) Identify the circle of animal welfare this advantage addresses in this management system: (1 point) Describe at least one management practice producers could implement to minimize this challenge within this production system: (2 points)
A client reports having diarrhea that has lasted days. Which intervention would the nurse recommend to decrease the diarrhea?
Consider the following scenario to answer the next two questions.On a particular Saturday, Arden and Will can either plant tomatoes or geraniums. Their maximum output per day is listed in the following table, along with spaces where you can calculate the opportunity cost.     Tomatoes Planted Opportunity Cost of 1 Tomato Plant Geraniums Planted Opportunity Cost of 1 Geranium Plant   Arden 4  3    Will 4  6               Based on this scenario, who has an absolute advantage in planting tomatoes?
No todos los cambios sociales son violentos.  Participacion social y evolucion de la sociedad.         Las sociedades no cambian sin una razon. Con frecuencia el deseo de cambiar esta motivado por razones economicas, eticas o ideologicas. La tecnologia es otra fuerza de cambio, asociada a los aspectos economicos.         Para examinar el tema del cambio social en paises de habla hispana, observemos dos ejemplos: uno historico y uno moderno. Un ejemplo historico ocurrio durante la colonia espanola, cuando se esclavizo a la mayoria de los indigenas de las colonias con el pretexto religioso de evangelizarlos. Los espanoles explotaron el trabajo de los indigenas a cambio de esa conversion religiosa. Habia razones economicas poderosas para oponerse a la liberacion de los indigenas, ya que proporcionaban enormes riquezas a los espanoles bajo esta organizacion social. Algunos testigos de los maltratos a los indigenas -- como Fray (Brother) Bartolome de las Casas -- se opusieron y documentaron los abusos, aunque sin muchos resultados en aquella epoca. Fray Bartolome de las Casas (1474?-1566) lucho fervientemente por defender a la poblacion indigena y, con su ayuda, eventualmente se limitaron los abusos a la poblacion nativa. Desafortunadamente los europeos trajeron de Africa a millones de esclavos para sustituir a los indigenas.         No todos los cambios sociales son violentos ni tienen oposicion. Un cambio tambien puede ser pacifico y deseado, particularmente en casos de emergencias. Un ejemplo de participacion social reciente se dio en Chile a partir del terremoto de febrero del 2010 -- uno de los mas fuertes en la historia de la humanidad. En este caso, cientos de jovenes se organizaron para llevar ayuda a miles de damnificados (victims). Dos jovenes instalaron una carpa (tent) de ayuda afuera de una estacion del metro. En pocas horas empezaron a recibir comida y otros articulos. Lo anunciaron en Twitter y de alli se hizo un reportaje en la television. La organizacion se consolido con la ayuda de Facebook, y en unos dias tenian a mas de 400 voluntarios para distribuir la ayuda. Cuando el gobierno de una nacion no esta preparado para hacer frente a una emergencia, la participacion social es la unica solucion. La fuerza de esta union es muy comun en la actualidad entre los jovenes de muchos otros paises, principalmente para exigir democracia, o la creacion de oportunidades justas para las nuevas generaciones.         Los cambios no son posibles sin la participacion social. Para bien o para mal, los medios de comunicacion y las redes sociales han comenzado a facilitar una participacion importante y espontanea de la poblacion. Aunque es pronto (early) para entender las repercusiones sociales de estos movimientos y de la tecnologia que los impulsa, lo que es evidente, es que sin la participacion social no hay cambios.
The width of a confidence interval will be
