One section of our reading included ways which assessment data could be used.   Choose one (1) of these ways listed and explain how you might use it in your classroom with one of our technology tools that we have used in class.  Communicating assessment data (to stakeholders) Using assessment data to guide student progress Using data to improve teaching and learning
Case Study #4 NJ was diagnosed with peptic ulcer disease (PUD). His ulcer is located in the lower third of his stomach. NJ stops taking aspirin as recommended by his physician. His ulcer resolves. Two years later he again is diagnosed with PUD. Since NJ does not take any medications, including aspirin, his physician conducts some tests to determine the underlying cause of his PUD. Which of the following test results would suggest infection with H. pylori?
Which is most correct regarding impacts of depreciation on corporate financial statements:
WHAT IS THIS UNIT CALLED ? ...................WHAT IS  #1 ?
Use properties of logarithms to expand or condense the logarithmic expression as much as possible. a.  expand:
Which of the following is an example of relational aggression?
Name the structure [structure]... ...the organ to which it belongs [organ]... AND what SPECIFIC tissue makes this structure [tissue].
The ovary and testes are derivatives of which embryonic tissue?
What is the relationship (blade angulation) of the face of the universal curet blade to the terminal shank?
Which portion of the deltiod is inserted at the deltoid tuberosity?
Fill in this table regarding structures that should NOT be overstretched in person with Spinal Cord Injury (DO NOT WRITE OUTSIDE THE BOX)        Do Not Over Stretch   Neurological Level   Why? What biomechanical issue will you be impacting (specific term?   What 2 FUNCTIONAL activities will this impact?     1)            2)
Consider the area of the region between the curve  and the x-axis on the interval [0, 6].  A.  Find the right-endpoint approximation  to esitmate the area of the region.     [r3]          (Enter a number.)            B.  Find the Rieman sum  (the right-endpoint approximation with n sub-intervals of equal width).     1.)   [b1]                        2.)   [b2]                3.)    [b3]                         4.)  Simply .   [b4]
Which of the following statements about coping with rape is TRUE?
What is the IUPAC name of the compound shown?                                O                                ||CH3 - CH2 - CH2 - C - NH - CH3
The nurse is caring for a female child with gender dysphoria. Which finding indicates improvement in the child?
Which archaeans are found in the intestine of cows and in bogs?
In your attempt to identify an unfamiliar plant, which trait would help you identify it as an angiosperm rather than a gymnosperm?
When insufficient light is produced by the CR imaging plate phosphor, the image will
Please apply the appropriate code for the diagnosis listed below with the appropriate ICD-10-CM code: sepsis due to Eschrichia coli (gram negative organism)
How did Columbus finally learn that he'd landed on an island instead of in China?
