Assume you are given the following classes:  Food is abstract, and has the abstract method calories() that should return the number of calories in the food item. Hamburger extends Food and implements calories so that it returns 350. Coke extends Food and implements calories so that it returns 250. ApplePie extends Food and implements calories so that it returns 400.  Write the method public int caloriesConsumed(Food[] meal) which computes and returns the total number of calories in the given meal. This method should be usable with other subclasses of Food that might be created later.  For this method you may not use:  The instanceof operator Casting of any sort The getClass() method  If you violate the above restrictions, you will receive no credit for this question. For example, if a meal were created with Food[] meal1 = {new Coke(), new Hamburger(), new ApplePie()}; Then the call  caloriesConsumed(meal1) would return 1000.
If cytosine is deaminated into uracil it will
GTPase enzyme catalyzes the conversion of GTP to GDP
22-24) Use the text below to answer questions 22-24 Subhas is a neurologist seeing a new patient.  The patient was recently infected with a very rare parasite that severely damaged one specific part of the patient's brain. The patient's primary care physician diagnosed the patient with Wernicke's aphasia.  Subhas has never seen a similar example where this particular parasitic infection causes this specific type of brain damage.  He thus orders a host of brain scans. He also has the patient undergo a wide battery of tests to assess any changes in abilities or traits.  He writes the results of his findings up in a scientific article and submits it to a peer-reviewed journal for publication.  22) Subhas has used what type of method?
Write a function named "getMiddle". It accepts one parameter which is assumed to be an array. The function will return whatever is the middle value in the array. You can always get the middle position by finding the floor of the array length divided by 2. You could also determine the middle value based on whether the array has an even or odd number of elements. (You are not limited by these suggestions in how you solve the problem.) For example, getMiddle([8, 6, 7, 5, 3, 0, 9]); // Returns 5 (the middle index is 3)getMiddle([8, 6, 7, 5, 3, 0, 9, 7]); // Returns 3 (the middle index is 4) You can assume that the argument will always be an array of at least one element.Here's how to lose points on this question:- Not writing a function.- Not using the passed parameter.- Not returning a value.- Using prompt or alert.- Providing any return value besides what is expected.
In the early nineteenth century, what powered the boats on the Erie Canal (this was even celebrated in folk songs)?
According to the CDC website, the following two types of viral tests could be used to check nose or mouth specimens for SARS-CoV-2 infection, the virus that causes COVID-19.    "Nucleic acid amplification tests (NAATs) detect the virus's genetic material and are commonly used in laboratories. NAATs are generally more accurate but sometimes take longer to process than other test types" (CDC).  "Antigen tests detect viral proteins and are generally not as sensitive as NAATs, particularly if the antigen test is used on someone without COVID-19 symptoms. If you have a positive or negative antigen test, your healthcare provider may need to confirm the test result with a NAAT" (CDC).   Which one of the following advances in Microbiology could be used for NAATs?
Which of the following represents an acid-base neutralization reaction?
SECTION B: THE ECONOMY         QUESTION 3: THE HISTORY OF MONEY, NEEDS AND WANTS                   3.1   Study the scenario below and answer the following questions.                 Ebert and Gerda have been exchanging goods with one another for years. Ebert has a garden full of juicy fruit and vegetables and exchanges them for Gerda's good quality eggs and meat.
The nurse has received an order for the medication finasteride 1 mg PO. The nurse knows that this medication is being given:
The medulla oblongata controls:
**Partial Credit Problem**  (3 points total) Indicate if the following statement is true or false. To earn full credit,  If the statement is false, explain why or give an example that disproves the statement in your submitted handwritten work.   True or False:  For the function
After suffering a stroke, a patient finds that he cannot move his right arm. This suggests that the stroke damage is in the:
Congress determines the jurisdiction of the federal courts.
Channels only allow ions to pass through the plasma membrane.
Replace the italicized noun phrase with a pronoun.   Ingrid wohnt schon drei Wochen bei ihrer Cousine.  Ingrid wohnt schon drei Wochen bei ________________.
A defendant does not pay the damages awarded against her in a lawsuit. The court may order the seizure of a portion of her monthly wages to satisfy the judgment in an action called________.
What is the most likely cause of a pulmonary embolism (PE)?
This figure shows what type of balance?
4+ 5= IF YOU CAN NOT SEE THE EQUATION ABOVE IT IS:
