(2/6) JT was found in his dorm unresponsive with a bottle of Vicodin on the floor.  He was taken to an emergency room, stabilized and admitted to the medical floor for 24-hour observation.  When questioned, he denied suicidal thoughts and continually requested discharge stating: "Everything is fine. I need to go to school in the morning. I have a test." Concerned for his safety, the RN requests a consultation with the Psychiatric Emergency Team (P.E.T.) clinician.  The P.E.T. RN assesses JT and determines that he is in imminent danger of harming himself.  Collateral data shows a recent break-up with his girlfriend and failing grades in school. His appetite is poor and he finds it difficult to fall asleep and stay asleep. His relationship with his parents is "strained" at best, as they require "perfect behavior and excellent grades." The P.E.T. Team RN places him on a 5150 with a plan to transfer to an inpatient behavioral health facility in the morning. The patient's family asks about the duration of a 5150. As his nurse, you explain:
True or false: the refractory period is the time in which the neuron triggers many more action potentials.
Which formed elements of the blood are produced from fragmentation of megakaryocytes?
"Compared to other peoples of the world we have the greatest (largest) population and our civilization is four thousand years old...Today we are the poorest and weakest nation in the world and occupy the lowest position in international affairs. Other men are the carving knife and serving dish, we are the fish and the meat. As a consequence...we are being transformed everywhere into a colony of the foreign powers."Which events formed the basis for the ideas expressed in this early 1900's passage?
The personal guarantees and freedoms that the government cannot abridge by law, constitution, or judicial interpretation.
A ________ variable is created inside a module and outside of any function in that module.
Case/Scenario 2: NEW SCENARIO Standards        Grade level: 6-8Subject area: world historyStandard: Understands how major religious and large-scale empires arose in the Mediterranean basin, China, and India from 500 B.C. to A.D. 300.Benchmarks: Understands the significant individuals and achievements of Roman society (e.g., the accomplishments of famous Roman citizens [Cincinnatus, the Gracchi, Cicero, Constantine, Nero, Marcus Auraleus] and the major legal, artistic, architectural, technological, and literary achievements of the Roman Republic).     Objectives              1.   TSW accurately compare and contrast the current American system of government at the national level and the system of government in Rome from about 510 to 264 B.C. using a graphic organizer.     2.   Using a timeline, TSW identify several forms of government Ancient Rome experienced with 90% accuracy.           Materials        For this lesson, you will need:     *   History and government textbooks     *   Encyclopedias           Procedures            1.   Because the terms republic and democracy have multiple meanings (some overlapping, some diametrically opposed), this lesson avoids both words and simply suggests that you ask students to write reports in which they compare and contrast the Roman system of government during the period 510-264 B.C. with the system of government currently in practice at the national level in the United States.     2.   Provide context for students by explaining that in the years leading up to the period they are studying (that is, in the years leading up to 510 B.C.), the entity known to us as Rome was ruled by kings. Students' assignment is to find out what system replaced the kings (and why) and how that system is similar to and different from the way the United States is governed today on the federal level.     3.   Direct students to do research and take notes to help them define and otherwise explain the following terms related to the form of government in place in Rome during the period under examination:  Citizen Plebeian Patrician Praetors (later called consuls) Senate Slave      4.   Suggest that as students gain an understanding of each of the preceding terms regarding Rome, they prepare notes (from research if necessary) about whether there is a similar or different element present in the U.S. system today.     5.   Once students have their two sets of notes ready, they will be ready to write a compare/contrast piece of writing. The teacher will teach or review the two options the students have for organizing their comparison-contrast piece of writing:  The block method, in which the writer gives all the information about one item (one form of government) and then all the information about the other item (the other form of government)   The alternating method, in which the writer focuses on one feature--say, the definition of who is a citizen--of each subject before going on to focus on another feature--say, the upper classes      6.   Remind students to follow the writing process--prewriting, drafting, revising, and editing. Consider inserting an opportunity for peer editing after the drafting stage.           Discussion Questions for the lesson:            1.    Consider Napoleon's remark that "the story of Rome is the story of the world." What do you think he meant by this? How is it that the "western world grew up in Rome's shadow?"     2.    Some might maintain that Rome's ability to grow its empire began with its talent in planning its city. Discuss how features of the early city of Rome (such as the Forum, the Colosseum, and the aqueducts) served as symbols of the values espoused by the empire's founding fathers.     3.    The historian Livy believed that Rome could somehow alter its destiny of decadence and morbidity if its people could remember (and live by) the values that spawned the empire. Do you think such a redirection of a people is possible through this kind of education?     4.    Explain how the Etruscans were like parents to the Romans--and, in turn, how the Romans were like revolting children.     5.    In order to fully understand the magnitude of the Roman Empire, look at a current map of Europe and the neighboring regions of North Africa and the Middle East. Into how many countries is the former empire now divided? How many different currencies are now used? Discuss the challenges this great empire faced in organizing, growing, and protecting itself.     6.    How did early Romans use the information gathered in the census to begin their republic? In what ways has our democracy evolved from these beginnings? In what ways has it deviated?           Assessment       The teacher will evaluate students' comparison-contrast essays using the following three-point rubric: Three points: clear comparison-contrast organization with more than minimal number of features covered; coherent and unified paragraphs; error-free grammar, usage, and mechanicsTwo points: jumbled comparison-contrast organization with minimal number of features covered; coherent and unified paragraphs; some errors in grammar, usage, and mechanicsOne point: no discernible organization and inadequate coverage of features; paragraphs lacking coherence and unity; many errors in grammar, usage, and mechanics         The students have to define and explain various terms about Rome/Roman government. Other than comparing the terms to modern U.S. government, how could the teacher improve this activity to support the building of a better understanding of the new vocabulary words? (Do not say compare to another country - they have no context for that) (3 points) WHY? Justify your answer. Think about strategies you have examined that help with building vocabulary and understanding such as processing activities.
______________________ are protein molecules that accelerate the rate of chemical reactions
The subjects or other units of interest not receiving treatment in a study are called the ______.
Which of the following countries do not have Shia majority?
Arch taping or low-dye taping is helpful in treating excessive supination.
Some protestors challenge the validity of modern CO2 measurements. Supporters point to the clear annual oscillation of atmospheric CO2 as evidence it is valid.  Describe what causes the annual oscillation of CO2.
The flexibility of a tissue is determined by the proportion and consistency of ground substance and the types of fibers. Which cartilage, hyaline, elastic, or fibrocartilage would be the least flexible?
People first began cultivating edible plants in the  _______  around 8,000 B.C.
After delivering a baby via C-section, the surgeon completely resected both of the mother's fallopian tubes to prevent cancer. The CPT code 58700 is for salpingectomy as a separate procedure. Appending modifier 22, Unusual services, would bypass the edit and allow reporting for the salpingectomy.
Human gametes (sperm and egg cells) differ from regular somatic (body) cells in that gametes _____.
Which is TRUE regarding protein folding?
_________ coping is largely emotion-focused and self-blaming, impulsive, or escapist.
In the social penetration model, _____ refers to the range of topics discussed.
You are providing education to the family of an infant with a cleft lip and cleft palate. Which statement should be included in the teaching?
