Instructions: For each paragraph below, select the number of the topic sentence.   Identify the topic sentence of the paragraph below.     (1) Statistics show that the average American generates about 4 pounds of trash every day. (2) When you multiply that by the number of people living in the United States, you realize we throw away about 210 million tons of stuff each year. (3) That's a lot of trash. (4) However, we can all combat this problem by taking three steps: "Reduce, Reuse, Recycle." (5) Reduce refers to lessening the amount of trash you generate. Buy only the amount you need. (6) Persuade manufacturers to reduce the amount of packaging they use. (7) Mow your lawn with a mulching mower and leave the clippings on the grass. (8) Reuse means finding other locations for items besides the garbage can. (9) Figure out other ways you can use things like cans or plastic bags. (10) Share unused portions with neighbors or charities. (11) Donate unwanted items to others rather than throwing them away. (12) If you can't reuse, recycle. (13) The recycling process can be applied to glass, paper, plastics, steel, and cardboard, which can be made into useful products rather than thrown into an overflowing landfill.
The listing of all accounts and their balances used to prove that debits equal credits at the end of a period is found on which report?
The purpose of masking during audiometric testing is:
Which of the following is NOT typically observed with nucleosome remodeling?
Identify this step of Mitosis.
Which of the following is NOT an indication for an antidepressant?
When energy intake exceeds energy expenditure, the result is
What can be used to power turbines?
Match the proper phrase with the appropriate agency or organization.
In 1957, nine African American students attended Central High School in Little Rock, Arkansas for the first time. Which of the following statements accurately describes the actions taken by Eisenhower?
Each hemoglobin molecule can transport up to __________ oxygen molecules.
Emergent coasts might have all of the following characteristics except:
Which of the following are not microscopic?
Ehrmann Data Systems is considering a project that has the following cash flow and WACC data. What is the project's MIRR? Note that a project's projected MIRR can be less than the WACC (and even negative), in which case it will be rejected.      WACC: 13.50%         Year 0 1 2 3   Cash flows -$1,000 $450 $450 $450
Differentiate bacterial and reactive arthritis.
You can use any calculator or there is a scientific calculator in the browser. Note that you cannot print out the periodic table or equation page during the exam. Make sure you have paper and pencil so you can show your work. After you finish the exam, you must upload a scan (pdf file) of your work within 15 minutes. Be ready to do this (but no phones, etc. allowed during the exam)! Many of the questions will ask you to show your work on paper to get full credit. This will also allow me to give you credit on certain problems if your answer was correct but marked wrong because you used incorrect sig figs, for example. This time is NOT for finishing the exam - no credit for work that doesn't match the exam answers. Write your name on every page. You must label the work for each question that requires work using the question number and circle your answer. Don't cram this into a small space - spread it out and make it easily readable for Dr Sue. On your work, don't forget to use correct sig figs and put units on every number and each answer. There will be a penalty up to zero points for these problems if you do not upload of work that supports your answer. Some of the problems require manual grading therefore no score will be shown when you finish! I may decide to curve the results or alter question points if necessary. The beginning has two links for you to open. One page has a periodic table, the second one has useful information such as equations and constants, Aufbau mnemonic, solubility rules and activity series. These will all open in a new window so you can tab back and forth between the pages. Note that I expect you to use the atomic masses on this periodic table. After you finish the exam, you must upload a scan (pdf file) of your work within 20 minutes. Many of the questions will ask you to show your work on paper to get full credit. This will also allow me to give you credit on certain problems if your answer was correct but marked wrong because you used incorrect sig figs, for example.
The red and black dye shown are different sizes.  Which one has a larger molecular weight? (red or black)
The Aristotelian argument model includes 6 essay sections, each with a specific job to do. When referring to the exordium section, found in an essay's introduction, we mean:
What gauge needle would you use when inserting an IO on an adult patient?
________________ gene transfer involves passing genes from a bacterial cell to other bacteria from same generation.
