A low risk male dinker is somone who drinks no more 4 drinks on a signle day.
1.) Declare the 3 variables needed for this problem:   b for the base of a triangle,  h  for the height of a triangle, and a for the area of a triangle.  2.) Write the code to use these variables to compute the area of a triangle (area is one-half base time height).3.) Print "The area of a triangle with base of " + b + " and height of " + h + " is " + area4.)  Format the area of the triangle to 2 decimal places using System.out.printf
I understand that, unless instructed otherwise by Dr. Kirli, I have until 1:35pm to develop my solution. At 1:35pm, I will stop working and start submitting my work. I have until 1:40pm to do so.
80. Myasthenia Gravis is believed to be an autoimmune disease, resulting in the loss of ACh receptors at the motor end plate of muscle fibers. Which of the following is likely to be a symptom of Myasthenia Gravis?
Fill in the Blank:  Type your answer in the text box.  Be Specific. A needle inserted into the outer surface of the esophagus below the diaphragm would pass through the following layers in order: (fill in 4 blanks)   ________, ________, _______, _______
What are the three dimensions of Sternberg's triangular theory of love?
Growth in utero (growth during gestation) can subjectively be divided into three phases. Which of the following statements are true concerning these phases?
Multiple Choice Question : Which of the following statements about the 'bottom of the pyramid' market is not open to challenge?
Is indefinite postponement a problem in multilevel feedback queues? Why or why not?
How did Socrates influence the progress of science?
What is the most abundant type of chlorophyll?
Three fatty acids bonded together with a glycerol are found in a/an __________.
Read Victoria's email, then answer the questions in complete sentences in Spanish.      Hola Marcela: Recuerdas el complejo deportivo que esta al lado del estadio? Voy todos los fines de semana porque puedo hacer muchas actividades. Este fin de semana hay partidos de tenis, futbol y baloncesto para ninos y adultos. Tambien puedes pasear en bicicleta por el parque todas las mananas. Yo nado por las tardes en la piscina. Varias chicas de la universidad tambien vienen los fines de semana. Puedes practicar todos los deportes menos golf. SI quieres, te consigo una invitacion. Hasta pronto, Victoria       ?Donde practica deporte Victoria?
Ekstra leer oplaai indien nodig. As daar enigiets is wat jy wil oplaai, kan jy dit hier doen.
By March 12, seventy-five persons with vomiting or diarrhea had been reported to the Texas Department of Health (TDH). All were students who lived on the university campus. No cases were identified among university faculty or staff or from the local community. Except for one case, the dates of illness onset were March 9-12. (Figure 1) The median age of patients was 19 years (range: 18-22 years), 69% were freshman, and 62% were female. Figure 1. Onset of gastroenteritis among students, University X, Texas. March 1998. (N=72) (Date of onset was not known for three ill students.) Epi curve.docx  The TDH met with the Student Health Center physician and nurse, and several university administrators including the Provost. County health department staff participated in the meeting. TDHs Infirmary and the Health Department staff gathered the following information: The university is located in a small Texas town with a population of 27,354. For the spring semester, the university had an enrollment of approximately 12,000 students; 2,386 students live on campus at one of the 36 residential halls scattered across the 200+ acres of the main campus. About 75% of the students are Texas residents. The university uses municipal water and sewage services. There have been no breaks or work on water or sewage lines in the past year. There has been no recent road work or digging around campus. The campus dining service includes two cafeterias managed by the same company and about half a dozen fast food establishments; about 2,000 students belong to the university meal plan which is limited to persons living on campus. Most on-campus students dine at the main cafeteria which serves hot entrees, as well as items from the grill, deli bar, and a salad bar. A second smaller cafeteria on campus offers menu selections with a per item cost and is also accessible to meal plan members. In contrast to the main cafeteria, the smaller cafeteria tends to be used by students who live off campus and university staff. The smaller cafeteria also offers hot entrees, grilled foods, and a salad bar, but has no deli bar. Spring break is to begin on March 13 at which time all dining services will cease until March 23. Although many students will leave town during the break, it is anticipated that about a quarter of those living on campus will remain. Hypothesis-generating interviews were undertaken with seven of the earliest cases reported by the emergency rooms and the Student Health Center; all of the cases had an onset of illness on March 10. Four were male and three were female; all but one was a freshman. Two students were psychology majors; one each was majoring in English and animal husbandry. Three students were undecided about their major. The students were from five different residential halls and all reported eating most of their meals at the university's main cafeteria. During the past week, all but one student had eaten food from the deli bar; two had eaten food from the salad bar, and three from the grill. Seven-day food histories revealed no particular food item that was common to all or most of the students. Except for the psychology majors, none of the other students shared any classes; only one student had a roommate with a similar illness. Five students belonged to a sorority or a fraternity. Three students had attended an all-school mixer on March 6, the Friday before the outbreak began; two students went to an all-night science fiction film festival at one of the dorms on March 7. Students reported attendance at no other special events; most had been studying for midterm exams for most of the weekend. Using the information available to you at this point, state your leading hypothesis(es) on the mode of transmission.
Which of the following characters could be described as a caricature?
When is oral communication most likely to be inaccurate?
What is the systematic IUPAC name of the compound below?
Why do some scientists consider automixis sexual reproduction? Automixis is the fusion of haploid gametes from the same individual -- assuming a diploid biology.
You are working with a patient in the intensive care unit. Her heart rate is 40 beats per minute. This is documented as:
