When two or more presynaptic neurons synapse with a single postsynaptic neuron in the CNS, a(n) ________ pathway is formed.
A set of n = 50 pairs of scores (X and Y values) produces a regression equation of Y = 5X + 21. Find the predicted Y value for an X score of -4.
The least acidic species in the following is _____
Which biologist pointed out the paradox regarding the number of potential offspring between sexually- vs. non-sexually reproducing populations?
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 established an entity that can issue multiclass securities.  This entity, which has added to the activities of the secondary market, is called
Replacing a Si ion with an Al ion in a clay mineral results in ...?
Which of the following types of bonds hold hydrogen and oxygen atoms together within an individual water molecule?
According to most car mechanics, plain water is the best coolant to use in an engine provided the engine is not being exposed to freezing temperatures. If the car is subject to freezing temperatures then a mixture of water and ethylene glycol (antifreeze) is recommended but it does not cool as efficiently as plain water. Why would ethylene glycol reduce the cooling efficiency of water?
A customer's cell phone would be an example of a ________.
What information is obtained from using fping -g 192.168.86.0/24?
The sorting of the parties by ideology drove conservative Texans toward the
According to the Yerkes-Dodson Law, performance is best when
A _____ shampoo is designed to re-balance the pH level of your hair by neutralizing any alkali and unwanted residues in the hair.
Class IA antiarrhythmic drugs:
There are millions of businesses in the U.S. What percentage of these businesses are considered small businesses?
Which Old Testament book illustrates how an objective fact needs to be made into a subjective reality by faith?
The layer of the skin that contains bundles of collagen and elastic fibers responsible for the strength of the skin is the ________ layer
What is the most common medical emergency that occurs in a dental office?
The ability to bark while trailing prey is a dominant trait in certain breeds of dogs. Keeping silent while trailing prey is recessive. Having Erect ears while trailing prey is dominant and having droopy ears while trailing prey is a recessive trait. A male dog heterozygous for both traits, mates with a female heterozygous for both traits.  You are required to use the letters as indicated below (5 points total): B=Barking  b=silent  E=erect ears  e=droopy ears   ADDRESS all prompts below (fully)  Examine the two types of punnet squares (see images below). Which type must you use to compute the genetic problem Answer as follows: 4 or 16 squares (.5 points)?            2. List the genotype of the male dog. .5 points   3. Foil the alleles from the male genotype to illustrate the possible genotypes of gametes produced. List them. .5 points (separate each type by using a common)   4. List the genotype of the female dog. .5 points    5. Foil the alleles from the female genotype to illustrate the possible genotypes of gametes produced. List them. .5 points (separate each type by using a common)   6. List the phenotype ratio of the cross (numbers and description of offspring as explained in the Lecture PP Navigation slides). 3 points
Remember, once time runs out, it is too late to upload your Simio file without significant penalty in points.  You need to stop your test a few minutes before time runs out to insure that you have time to upload your Simio (.spfx) file. Only two pages of single-sided notes are allowed.  The only scratch paper are the two pages you have for notes.  Hand held calculators are allowed, but not your cell phone.  Do not use the Math.If( ) function. When you are finished, close Simio, then upload the Simio (.spfx) file before time runs out.  Only one upload is allowed. Problem Description Truck arrivals (make these green colored entities) occur at 6AM each day.  The daily truck contains exactly 10 parts 50% of the time and exactly 14 parts 50% of the time.  Since the truck arrives at 6AM, make your stating time of your simulation to be 6AM.   In addition to parts arriving by truck, there are individually arriving parts (make these red colored entities) that have exponentially distributed inter-arrival times where the mean inter-arrival time depends on the time of day (in other words, the arrival process of red entities is a non-stationary Poisson process).  Specifically, between 6AM and noon the mean time between arrivals is 20 minutes, between noon and 6PM the mean time between arrivals is 10 minutes, and between 6PM and 6AM the mean time between arrivals is 30 minutes. All parts first go to a batch processor.  This batch processor services two parts at a time and the processing time has a Pert distribution with parameters 20, 25, and 30 minutes.  Both parts in the batch must have the same color (i.e., truck arrivals are always paired with truck arrivals and individual arrivals are always paired with other individual arriving parts).  The batch processor has a queueing priority system, namely, red parts have non-preemptive priority over green parts.  For verification purposes, you should animate the batches so a visual check can be made that the batches sizes are two and both parts in the batch are the same color. After the batch processor, all parts are processed through a single-server processor that treats each part individually (i.e., the batches do not stay together as a unit after the batch processor).  The processing time at the single-server processor for each individual green entity is exponentially distributed with mean 15 minutes and for each individual red entity is exponentially distributed with mean 12 minutes.  After the single-server processor, all parts leave the system.  The following travel times are 5 minutes:  (1) from green source to the batch processor, (2) from red source to the batch processor, (3) from the batch processor to the single-server processor, and (4) from the single-server processor to the exit of the system. All assignment statements and tallies must be done through Processes.  Run the simulation for 50 days with only one replication (i.e., no experiment and no warmup period) and estimate the following based on the 50 days:  (1) The average total number of individual parts in the system at 7AM (note that this is one number including both green and red parts), (2) the total daily throughput of parts for the system, and (3) the average time (in minutes) that a red part that arrives between 6AM and noon spends in the system.  (Note that (3) is the TIS per part averaged only over those parts that are red and arrive to the system in the morning.)  These three values must appear in the Results tab.  In a floor label, give the expected (i.e., theoretical) value for the daily throughput.  Note:  We have not used a queueing priority discipline for a batch processor before; however, you should be able to figure it out by searching for an appropriate property of the combiner.
