Provide an appropriate response.An instructor wishes to determine if there is a relationship between the number of absences from his class and a student's final grade in the course. What is the explanatory variable?
The RN is to administer meperidine 35 mg IV every 2 hrs PRN.  The drug label reads 50 mg/2 ml.  How many ml's will the RN administer?
What is the difference between a monohybrid cross and a dihybrid cross?
The primary function of ATP.   [a]
Where is the Medicine section found in the CPT manual?
Henry Ford revolutionized the way cars were manufactured in the 1900s. What was the main reason why the Ford Company was able to manufacture cars more effectively and efficiently?
Calculate the sample standard deviation
Bacteria that have adapted to living in a freshwater stream but that are moved to salty seawater would
Which of the following regarding REM sleep is FALSE?
What are unmanned aircraft that can fly autonomously, or without a human?
In the Edvotek experiment, the saccharide-binding protein from jack meal, ____________________________, is purified from the total extract.
The removal of the axillary lymph nodes during a breast cancer surgery would result in widespread edema in which region?
The only difference between an AutoCAD template file and a regular AutoCAD drawing file is the filename extension.
The musical element that refers to the way chords are constructed and how they follow each other is ______.
Instructions: For your Spring PY3 OSCE you will be interviewing a simulated standardized patient through EHR Go. You will be granted access to the patient chart at the beginning of your OSCE. As part of this case, you are able to ask your patient questions that have been pre-populated. You will need to decide which questions are most important to ask your patient as you will likely not have time to ask them every question in the question bank in addition to reviewing the patient chart. Based on information you collect from the patient and their chart, you will be tasked with coming up with a prioritized problem list. For the top 4 problems you identify on the problem list, create a plan complete with monitoring and follow up. As you are in a collaborative practice agreement with the physician, you can alter any drug therapy for chronic conditions as needed. Essentially, you are creating the assessment and plan portion of the SOAP note since the subjective and objective portion of the note are already documented in EHR Go. Additionally, you will be asked to identify the top 3 questions you would have liked to have asked the patient during your session. Provide your rationale for why you would like to ask each of the questions. When creating your assessment and plan, make sure you only use information from the patient chart/interview questions (do not synthesize information if it is not available). You will have a total of 1 hour and 30 minutes to review the patient chart, ask the patient questions from the question bank, and document your findings (problem list, plan for top 4 problems, top 3 questions you would have liked to have been able to ask). The time break down is as follows:  15 minutes pre-encounter, 15 minutes patient interview, 60 minutes assessment/plan/documentation. You are allowed to have the patient chart open the entire time; the time break down is to help you keep on track so you don't spend too long in the chart and not have time to create your plan and document. You will be provided a template to fill out and submit in Canvas by the end of the OSCE. Honorlock will be used for proctoring. Please cite your references. This is an individual assignment. You may not collaborate with anyone during this OSCE. However, this is an otherwise open resource OSCE. You may use textbooks, Lexi-Comp, PubMed, or any other appropriate resource that you would use during APPE rotations (no Wikipedia, don't cite class notes). Please do not use your phones or any devices other than your computer since this is a proctored activity. I realize the Lexi-Comp app may be easier to navigate than the computer version, however this could introduce concern for communication and academic dishonesty, so please no phones or extra tablets/monitors.   Patient Case: https://web21.ehrgo.com/rd/?courseActivityId=59650    Please use the following template for your documentation:  OSCE Template 040121.docx
Research indicates that _____ provides the best explanation for differences in the IQ scores of African Americans as compared to whites.
Assuming that inputFile references a Scanner object that was used to open a file, which of the following statements will read an int from the file?
Choose the correct name of embryonic structure between the brackets.
Questions 14-21 refer to a toy car which can move to the right or left along a horizontal line (the positive part of the distance axis).  Assume that friction is so small that it can be ignored. A force is applied to the car. Choose the one force graph (A through H) for the statement below which could allow the described motion of the car to continue. You may use a choice more than once or not at all. If you think that none is correct, answer choice J.  Question 19: The car moves toward the left and is speeding up at a steady rate (constant acceleration).
The Protestant Reformation began in Germany
