A change in which of the following would NOT shift the supply curve for sneakers?
Which of the following antifungals works by binding to ergosterol in membranes?
Licensees (i.e., firms that purchase licenses) usually incur more risk than do franchisees (i.e., (individuals who purchase franchises).
Order the following functions by growth rate from smallest to largest by matching the order to the functions.  Place the number 1 by the smallest, 2 by the next, and so on until all 12 have been identified.  On the answers the symbol ^ means raised to the power.   2^n mean 2N .  Also ,   the square root of a value is represented by sqrt(N).
All of the following are recommended facility design practices except:
19. Author of "Introduction to Poetry"
During the epoch of cosmic inflation, which of these properties of the universe changed rapidly?
Jack and Jill are both enrolled in a Statistics class but each has a different professor. Jack scored 75 on his final exam and Jill scored 77 on her final exam.  Suppose that for both classes final exam scores are normally distributed with the following mean and standard deviation     Jack's class   Mean= 68   SD = 6     Jill's class   Mean =72   SD = 5     Another student, Sandy, was in Jack's statistic class and had a z-score of -1.8 for her final exam. What was her actual exam score?
Which of the following statement is not true concerning guidelines for a healthy diet?
Upon arriving at a potentially unsafe scene, you should:
The ability to predict consequences of our actions (reasoning and judgement) are localized in the
Which of the following was NOT a goal for those writing the Texas Constitution of 1876?
Give the equation of the line passing through the points
According to Bader and Pearson, a couple that was able to be together for growth and not need, without fear of engulfment would be in this phase:
Mount St. Helens is an example of
BONUS:  Write 2-3 sentences about a subject that you studied for but that was not asked about on the exam .
A lyrical, melodious monologue or musical dramatic soliloquy in an opera, oratorio, or cantata.
Based on our discussion of Critical Thinking, explain two of the characteristics of a Critical Thinker that you are good at and explain two of the characteristics of a Critical Thinker that you need to practice. A few sentences each is appropriate.
Alexis de Tocqueville wrote ________.
Name two specific molecules from aerobic glucose catabolism (aerobic cellular respiration) that get oxidized.
