This part of the exam consists of eight (8) short answer questions. Students will choose five (5) to respond to in complete sentences, answering the question completely. Each response is worth eight (8) points for a total of 40 points. Answers should respond completely to the question or prompt and provide detailed examples from course material as evidence. Responses should be several sentences.  Discuss the significance of the yin-yang symbol for early Chinese culture.  What are the major beliefs of Buddhism? How are they similar to the Abrahamic religions?  Explain how the Ara Pacis Augustae can be seen as works of propaganda.  Be sure to include a detailed discussion and explanation of each work of art. What is the message each work of art provides to viewers?   Why do Byzantine artists move away from Greek and Roman naturalism in their depictions of religious subjects?  What are artistic expressions from this style meant to achieve in the viewer?  Like the Muslims, Leo III argued that God had prohibited religious images in the second commandment: "Thou shalt not make any graven image, or any likeness or any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth." Iconophiles claimed that the images were a form of worship.  Referencing specific works from the chapter, construct your own argument for or against religious images.  What is syncretism? List and explain one example.  "Even when it is outlawed, art finds a means of expressions."  Explain this statement in terms of Islamic mosque decoration.  Explain Islam's reasons for banning figurative images and discuss what forms and motifs are included in art and architecture from this style. Be sure to reference and explain specific works of art and/or architecture.    Discuss the changes in the Christian church from the late Roman basilica plan to the Romanesque style and finally, the Gothic style. How did pilgrimages aid in some of the architectural changes? Use examples from the material.
What is not a short-chain fatty acid?
Which nerve passes posterior to the root of lung?
Narcolepsy sometimes involves
Identify the type of cells found at the tip of the yellow arrows in the image below?
Nucleotides, the building blocks of nucleic acids, are made up of __________.
Which of the following best describes the mood of the Dies irae from Mozart's Requiem?
Bonus question Identify the compound (C4H8O) that gives the following 1H NMR spectrum.
Normal human gametes carry _____ chromosomes.
A character in a story who deceives, frustrates, or works against the main character in some way.
Name the blue tube-like structure labeled #7. (Write the full name)
The system of manufacturing adopted by Henry Ford was known as the _________________. WORD BANK: ASSEMBLY LINE,  ECONOMY, SOLDIERS, RESERVE, Ku Klux Klan, RELIEF AND CONSTRUCTION, BONUS ARMY, FARMERS, INSTALLMENT, HOOVERVILLES, FLAPPERS
Neural transmission across a mammalian synaptic gap is accomplished by
The ILS critical area markings denote
Which of the following is TRUE regarding sexual coercion?
Which of the following would be an appropriate way to respond to a counselee who did not complete her homework?
Men are more likely to blame themselves for the ostracism they received.
8. ID this portion of the diencephalon.
Action potentials move along axons
Why were The Federalist Papers written?
