Bonus questions (each worth 1 pt):    Who was the first President born in the United States of America (as opposed to being born in the British Colonies)? This American Indian Tribe assimilated very well and many owned land and had African slaves? What American Indian Tribe is Prof. Ivey descended from? What is the boundary line between the U.S. and Canada called west of the great lakes? Andrew Jackson attacked a fort on this Florida River?      Extra 5 point bonus questions:   Who is our current Chief Justice of the United States?
Abnormally slow depolarization of the ventricles would most change the shape of the ________ in an ECG tracing.
All of the following arteries have a pair of veins that accompany them except:
A student nurse visiting a senior center says, "It's depressing to see these old people. They are weak and frail. I doubt any of them can engage in a discussion." The student is expressing:
30. Which best explains the role of plant pigments in photosynthesis?
Fluorine-18 is a radioisotope widely used in positron emission tomography to investigate brain activity and follows first-order decay kinetics. The half-life is 109.8 minutes. How long will it take for 2.75 mg of 18F to decay to 500 ng?
The pH of weak base ranges from
What is meiotic drive? How is it relevant to the units of selection problem?
Although medieval monks held religious services throughout the day, the most important service was the Mass, a reenactment of the Last Supper.
What protein/s involved in BCR gene rearrangement, would be expressed at two different stages of BCR development? (turned on, then turned off then turned back on)
Which of the following elements does not exist as a diatomic molecule?
Most of the drivers on a freeway are driving approximately 70MPH but several are driving extremely slow and these are found to be extreme values in the dataset of speeds.  Which descriptive should be used for this dataset?
The Kumbh Mela is helod every:
An adult will be administering daily insulin to her blind grandfather. The insulin dose is NPH 15 units and Regular 5 units every morning. Which statement by the caregiver indicates further instruction on insulin administration is needed?
You recently installed a new RAID controller card in a PCIe expansion slot on your computer. After setting up the controller, you transfer data from the backup you created over to the computer. When you finish the setup, you turn the computer off and return it to its normal location. When you turn the computer on, you immediately receive the error message, "RAID not found."
1.5 ?Como se dice "where are you from" en espanol?  (1)
The cytoskeletal component that forms a cage around the nucleus is known as what?
Which of the following is the most significant mechanism of injury for a driver in a vehicle accident?
A patient has a new order for pantoprozole (Protonix) 90 mg p.o., daily. The drug guide states the usual dose of this medication is 20 to 40 mg p.o. The nurse administers the medication as ordered. After giving the medication, the nurse learns that the doctor intended to write pantoprozole 40 mg p.o. Who is ultimately responsible for giving the overdose of pantoprozole? (There are only 3 options.)
Professor will sign.  Pick the correct answer.
