The nurse is caring for a 11-year-old in the Emergency Department. The patient was brought to the ED by the mother due to increased shortness of breath that started this morning. The mother reports the patient started running a fever yesterday, is now coughing up greenish colored phlegm, and is complaining of "hurting all over." The patient has a known history of asthma and was treated two weeks ago for an upper respiratory infection. Vital signs: T 101.8F (38.8C), P 128, RR 26, BP 102/70, pulse oximetry reading is 92% on room air. On assessment the patient appears to have an increased work of breathing, subcostal retractions, diminished breath sounds to left lower lobes, and crackles to bilateral mid and upper lobes. Skin is slightly cool to touch and pale pink in color; patient is tachycardic with pulses +3 and regular, cap refill is less than 3 seconds. Patient is alert and oriented to person, time, and place but is looking around and appears anxious.   Select 4 findings that require immediate follow up.
A client states that he takes ginkgo biloba daily. What is the most common reason a person takes this herbal preparation?
What process can companies use to make corrections for differences between their jobs and external benchmark jobs?
In the system shown below, the cable has a maximum breaking strength of 87,000 N. For safety reasons, we must keep the tension in the cable below 70% of that limit. The beam is 8.70 m long and has a uniformly distributed mass of 250 kg. Calculate:  the maximum Load mass that can be safely hung from the beam  the horizontal and vertical components of the force at the pivot point at maximum safe load.
In Hope and Heritage: Myth and Thomas Jefferson Jefferson's post-presidential years were characterized as?
What was the rest of the world doing while the battle was taking place?
Kiana can be described as "a reasonably competent general practitioner of ordinary skill, experience, and capacity." This is the normal standard for judging the performance of
In two homologous proteins, which residue is most likely to replace a Glu residue as a conservative substitution?
A slumped sitting posture will result in all of the following except:
In the  absence  of  a  provision  to  the  contrary  in  the  articles  of  incorporation,  the  directors of a corporation elected for a specified term:
Your are educating your patient on Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE).  Which  statement would you include in your teaching plan?  SLE is:
The process that involves ongoing surveillance and prevention of infections so as to ensure the quality and safety of healthcare for patients and employees is known as:
Truly selfless acts (such as sacrificing one's own life) are virtually impossible to explain in the context of Egoism.
What happened to government in Japan during the 1930's?
A test cross is performed to determine if a specific individual is a carrier. The results generate a 50/50 phenotypic ratio. The test subject was therefore ________.
What treat does Annie bring to Paul?
Multiply.                          7849                    x  8700
Your neighbor recently planted corn in his yard. He contacted you because he does not see any progress in the growth of his plants and sent you a picture of the plant. What nutrient deficiency could his plants have?
Devaluation of the testimony by cross-examination is referred to as ________ .
In the medical term corticoid, the word root means:
