Which of the following is not a basic tenet of natural selection?
Use the excerpt below, entitled "The Weak Case for Public Schooling," to answer the question that follows.  Excerpt from "The Weak Case for Public Schooling," by David Friedman One argument that government schooling is necessary is that, being themselves inadequately educated, parents are incompetent to choose schooling for their children. As John Stuart Mill put it, "The uncultivated cannot be competent judges of cultivation." This argument concedes that government schools will teach what the state wants children to learn instead of what their parents want them to learn, but views that as an advantage of the government system. This argument seems to justify at most one generation of government schooling. Once we educate the first generation, they should then be competent to choose an education for their children. The U.S. and Britain have now had universal government schooling for at least five or six generations. If it has done a good job of educating students it should now be unnecessary, and if it has done a bad job perhaps we should try something else. A further problem with the argument is that most of what the government schools actually teach-or, too often, fail to teach-is well within the comprehension of virtually all parents. Insofar as the main business of the schools is to teach children the basic skills needed to function in our society, the children's parents are usually competent to judge how good a job is being done. Even a parent who cannot read can still tell whether his child can. And, while a few educational issues may go beyond the parents' competence to judge, parents qua parents, like parents qua taxpayers, have the option of making use of other people's expert opinion. The crucial difference between the two roles is that a parent deciding what school his child shall go to has a far stronger incentive to form as accurate an opinion as possible than does a parent deciding how to vote. Parental preferences have often clashed with "expert educational opinion," but it has not always been the parents who turned out to be in the wrong. Thus in Scotland, around 1800, parents "Increasingly resisted traditional parochial school emphasis on classical languages and Religion. Parents complained that their children did not get their due in the school `By not having been teached [sic] writing.'"Modern examples might include the controversies associated with the shift away from phonics and towards the look-see approach to teaching literacy and the introduction of the "new math" somewhat later-both arguably among the causes of the massive decline in the output of the American school system from 1960 to 1980. Parents have to live with the results of educational experiments; the educators can always go on to a new generation of experimental subjects. -adapted from "The weak Case for Public Schooling," by David Friedman [END] Question: Using the information provided in the passage, select the sentences below that are VALID inferences. Mark all that apply.
Oung: Alternative Therapies Liz is a 38-year old woman who comes to the pharmacy seeking recommendations for a natural product to prevent her migraines. Which of the following treatment options would be most appropriate for Liz?
You are running a 4-star hotel with 280 rooms, which is located in South Beach. Your local travel agency has submitted a Request for Proposal for a group reservation of 95 rooms for 2 nights, Thursday and Friday at $160 per room per night. You are assigned to respond to the request. So you logged into your Business Intelligence System, pulled up "TRANSIENT" data in 2018 including ADR as shown. Answer the following questions.  How the dataset should be modified to determine the information on the rows highlighted in yellow? What are the additional columns that are necessary in the dataset? What Excel functions should be used? How Transient Rooms Sold can be calculated? Specify an appropriate Excel function and build its formula in one cell. How Transient ADR can be determined? Specify an appropriate Excel function and build its formula in one cell. How Transient Occupancy and RevPAR in the row highlighted in grey can be calculated? Build a formula that calculates each with a specific row number and a column letter. Pick only one day of week. Draft a short passage on a procedure on how the displacement analysis should be performed.
Suppose a normal distribution has a mean of [m] and a standard deviation of [s]).  What is the z-score of x=[x]?  Round to 1 decimal place. Formula:
For travel to foreign countries, an International Certificate of Vaccination is required.
A radioisotope decays to give an alpha particle and Pb-208. What was the original element?
Conversations with Socrates generally end with
A nutrient-dense source of thiamin is...
Why would a company purchase treasury stock?
For this Eukaryotic cell, organelle #3 is:
In a public opinion poll, larger samples sizes are meant to lower the
What name is given to the convection cell that circulates between 0deg and 30deg latitude in both the northern and southern hemispheres?
Restriction enzymes randomly cut dsDNA and produce either cohesive or blunt ends.
Prostaglandin E1 is often used in a newborn to keep the ductus arteriosus open until he/she is ready for corrective surgery.  This treatment could be used to treat all of the following conditions EXCEPT for
Walt Disney's focus on __________ is typical of a slow-cycle market.
What is the location on a histogram graph of air/gas?
A person who uses steriods tends to have increased muscle development, muscle tone, and muscle growth. Which of the following would you NOT expect to note with a steroid user?
Ch. 7    After the Revolutionary War, the ideology that ________ failed to match up with reality, as the revolutionary generation could not solve the contradictions of freedom and slavery in the new United States.
In the figure, which population would have a stable population structure?
