"Let us take North America, for instance, and the richest portion of it--the Mississippi basin--to compare with the Congo River basin in Africa. When early explorers such as de Soto first navigated the Mississippi and the Indians were the undisputed masters of that enormous river basin, the European spirit of enterprise would have found only a few valuable products there--mainly some furs and timber. The Congo River basin is, however, much more promising at the stage of underdevelopment. The forests on the banks of the Congo are filled with precious hardwoods; among the climbing vines in the forest is the one from which rubber is produced (the best of which sells for two shillings per pound), and among its palms are some whose oil is a staple article of commerce and others whose fibers make the best cordage. But what is of far more value, the Congo River basin has over 40 million moderately industrious and workable people. It is among them that the European trader may fix his residence for years and develop commerce to his profit with very little risks involved. In dwelling over the advantages possessed by the Congo here, it has been my goal to rouse this spirit of trade. I do not wish to see the area become a place where poor migrants from Europe would settle. There are over 40 million natives here who are poor and degraded already merely because they are surrounded on all sides by hostile forces of nature and man, denying them contact with the civilizational elements that might have ameliorated the unhappiness of their condition. If you were to plant European pauperism amongst them, it would soon degenerate to the low level of native African pauperism. Instead, the man who is wanted is the enterprising merchant who receives the raw produce from the native in exchange for the finished product of the manufacturer's loom. It is the merchant who can direct and teach the African pauper what to gather in the multitude of things around him. Merchants are the missionaries of commerce adapted for nowhere so well as for the Congo River basin where there are so many idle hands and such abundant opportunities." Henry Morton Stanley, Welsh-American journalist, explorer, and agent for King Leopold of Belgium's Congo Free State, The Congo and the Founding of Its Free State, book published in 1885 Based on the third paragraph, Stanley's vision of the future of the Congo River basin can best be seen as part of which of the following late nineteenth century developments?
Which of the following is the strongest joint of those listed?
What specialized epithelium lines all hollow organs of the cardiovascular system?
Interphase consists of
Podocytes are modified _____ cells.
An executory contract is a
Please upload your file here. Without it, you will lose 11 pts Please show ALL answersheest to camera  and holding every sheet for 5 sec, before you will use camera to convert it to files and upload here. Please upload your answer sheet here. Make sure file size not too big to crash the system, not too small to become unreadable.
What is h-refinement?  Provide a definition and a schematic.  When would you want to use it?
_____ is an attempt to gain access to a network by posing as an authorized user in order to find sensitive information, such as passwords and credit card information.
Several months ago, a 20 year-old male suffered a spinal cord injury brought about by a snowboard trick gone wrong. The lasting effects of his injury include flaccid bowel and bladder and the inability to obtain an erection. While sensation has been completely preserved in his legs and feet, his motor function is significantly impaired. What type of incomplete spinal cord injury has the man most likely experienced?
kago ton ektreponta, ton trokhelaten,paio di' orges* kai m' o presbus, os ora,okhous parasteikhonta teresas, mesonkara diplois kentroisi mou kathiketo.ou men isen g' eteisen, alla suntomos   skeptro tupeis ek tesde kheiros uptios meses apenes euthus ekkulindetai*kteino de tous xumpantas. ei de to xenotouto prosekei LaIo ti suggenes,tis toude g' andros nun an athlioteros,tis ekhthrodaimon mallon an genoit' aner,on me xenon exesti med' aston tinidomois dekhesthai, mede prosphonein tina,othein d' ap' oikon; kai tad' outis allos ene 'go 'p' emauto tasd' aras o prostitheis.
Please assign the appropriate ICD-10-CM and CPT codes for the scenario.  Creation of a subarachnoid/subdural-auricular shunt for patients with obstructive hydrocephalus
When an individual fails to perform a legal duty it is known as.
During the Depression, the Agricultural Adjustment Act increased agricultural production to provide more food for the unemployed
The nurse is discharging a client after open heart surgery.  Which of the following symptoms should the client be instructed to call 911 for?
The third stage of Piaget's theory of cognitive development, which typically occurs between ages 7 and 11 years, is the ____ period.
After you have performed your nonpharmacologic interventions, your patient, who is an infant, is exhibiting kicking, is not reaching for toys, and is occasionally crying. There is an order for morphine sulfate 1 mg IV every 3 to 4 hours. The safe dose range for morphine sulfate is 0.1 to 0.2 mg/kg/dose every 3 to 4 hours. Your patient's weight is 17 lb. 1 mg IV every 3 to 4 hours is a safe dose range
A sample of radon occupies a container with a volume of 27.3 L at STP.  What would be the volume (in liters) of radon at a temperature of 177
In order to prevent bacterial growth, a transfusion should be completed within:
Which of the following is a method of reimbursement in which Medicare payment is made based on a predetermined, fixed amount?
