Provide an appropriate response.Consider the discrete probability distribution to the right when answering the following question. Find the probability that x equals 5.
Question 5: Markets   [10]     5.1   Read through the scenarios and identify the buyers and sellers.         5.1.1   Marcell bakes cupcakes. She brings it to school to sell breaks. Her fellow students pay R10 per cupcake and Marcell earns R120 per batter.    (2)
ABC Company is using a predetermined overhead rate that was based on estimated total fixed manufacturing overhead of $121,000 and 10,000 direct labor-hours for the period. The company incurred actual total fixed manufacturing overhead of $113,000 and 10,900 total direct labor-hours during the period. The predetermined overhead rate is closest to (PLEASE SHOW YOUR WORK BY USING THE HONORLOCK ON-SCREEN CALCULATOR):
Give one digit that b can be replaced with so that 1,01b is divisible by 2. [ans1] Give one digit that b can be replaced with so that 1,01b is divisible by 3. [ans2]
Which of the following are reasons scientists came up with to explain fossils on multiple continents?
Which is NOT correct about Staphylococcus aureus food intoxication?
Which of the following systems allows the body parts to communicate with each other and to communicate with the outside environment?
In plant cells, a rigid cleavage furrow forms from a polysaccharide material, similar to cellulose, in the center of the cell which grows outward toward the margins to separate the cytoplasm and form two daughter cells.
The use of diuretics may result in xerostomia.
This event was often considered to be the high point of the nonviolent era of the Civil Rights Movement
In order to escape her boredom, Hedda wants to convince Tesman to enter the field of
The type of glands which release their secretions using a duct are called
Cardiac muscle is striated and involuntary.
Below you will find a table pertaining to placental classifications for various animals discussed in class. Use the drop down menus to match the number in the table with the "Placental Attachment Type", "Chorionic Villous Pattern" and the cellular configuration of the "Maternal-Fetal Barrier" for each animal.     Placental Attachment Type  Chorionic Villous Pattern  Maternal-Fetal Barrier (cellular association)   Cow 1 7 13   Cat 2 8 14   Pig 3 9 15   Human 4 10 16   Horse 5 11 17   Dog 6 12 18
A related acquisition involves two firms in the same industry
Acid chlorides can be prepared from carboxylic acids by treatment with ________.
Giving children choices is an effective guidance strategy. Choices should be ____.
Draw a site-cast concrete slab and beam attached to brick cladding with a light gauge metal stud backup wall. The wall has a window and DOES NOT need to show the parapet.  What are the important things to be shown? Take a photo of the final sketch with your phone and email to the professor.
Which of the following would be considered an emergency situation in the lab animal setting?
Use Lagrange multipliers to find the maximum value of  where  and  subject to the constraint .
