QUESTION 2     2.1.1   Which of the following best explains the shape of the short run marginal cost curve between X and Y?   (1)         (A)  The law of diminishing marginal returns (B)  The low of increasing marginal product (C)  Average costs are rising (D)  Average variable costs are rising         2.1.2   Explanation   (3)     2.1.3   What is the assumption when a firm's Total revenue is upward sloping as sales increase as shown here?   (1)     2.2   Lizzie runs a hairdressing shop, and the following table shows her revenues in a fixed time period when she changes her prices for a haircut. Some parts of the table are left blank for your own calculations.     Quantity   Price (L)   Total Revenue (L)   Marginal Revenue (L)     0   11    ---     2   10       3   9       4   8       5   7                   2.2.1   Marginal revenue is   (1)         (A) change in total revenue divided by change in demand (B) demand multiplied by price         2.2.2   Using the data in the Table, calculate the Total revenue and Marginal revenue columns.   (4)         Total Question 2   [10]
Oak trees are
____________ relates to the amount of suspended solids in water.
Liabilities
Station #16  a) Are the cells in this field of view bacteria, protist, plant, fungi, or animal?b) What is the dark oval structure at the pointer? c) What is the major function of this structure?
The Fair Labor Standards Act abolished child labor, limited the workweek to 44 hours for most workers, and
Southern business leaders formed part of the political coalition that brought about victories for the Civil Rights Movement in the South. What best explains the support for civil rights by some Southern businesses?
On January 1, 2020, Ott Co. sold goods to Flynn Company. Flynn signed a zero-interest-bearing note requiring payment of $200,000 annually for seven years. The first payment was made on January 1, 2020. The prevailing rate of interest for this type of note at date of issuance was 10%. Information on present value factors is as follows:                      Present Value                   Present Value of OrdinaryPeriod            of 1 at 10%                       Annuity of 1 at 10%6                    .5645                                   4.35537                    .5132                                  4.8684 Ott should record sales revenue in January 2020 of:
After taking a drug from several years, Bruce decides to quit taking the drug. He begins to experience a variety of physical symptoms, psychological symptoms such as irritability, and a strong craving for the substance. What term is used to describe what Bruce is experiencing?
Research suggests that social support can lessen the impact of stressful situations and improve immune system functioning.
Gloves covered in blood from use with an injured victim should be placed on the ground if there is no trash can nearby.
Many hypotheses have been proposed to explain mass extinctions recorded in the fossil record. Select all appropriate explanations.
Identify the events that occur during mitosis, meiosis, or both mitosis and meiosis.
The Good Samaritan Doctrine is based on a historical biblical parable.
.Match the items below with their descriptions:
47. An antagonist
If a paleontologist successfully identified a fossil as belonging to the Permian period, what type of fossil dating did she use?
What type of neuroglial cells provide support and nutrition to sensory ganglia in the PNS?
Which of the following hormones is stored in the posterior pituitary?
A Neo-Freudian psychologist would disagree with Freud on
