7. (14 points, 5 minutes) (Scheduling) Same process details as 6. Shown below are the timelines of activities on the CPU on I/O for the three processes with some scheduling discipline.   Answer the following questions with respect to the CPU schedule: (i) (2 points) What scheduling discipline resulted in the above timeline of activities? (ii) (2 points) Why did it schedule P3 at time = 1? (iii) (2 points) Why did it schedule P2 at time = 4? (iv) (2 points) Why did it schedule P1 at time = 6? (v) (2 points) Why did it schedule P3 at time = 8? (vi) (2 points) Why did it schedule P2 at time = 11? (vii) (2 points) What is the wait time for 2 with this schedule?
During an examination of the external genitalia of a 17-year-old female patient who is thin, a psychiatric-mental health nurse practitioner notes that the patient's pubic hair is dark, curly, and spread minimally over the pubic symphysis. The nurse practitioner suspects that the cause may be:
The nurse is caring for a client following a hemorrhagic stroke. Which medication would the nurse question administering to this patient?
Read the length of the metal bar with the correct number of significant figures.
A person who knows that she can get what she wants by working alone, but also knows that she will accomplish more by getting help is demonstrating
Which of the following is NOT a challenge associated with Huntington's Disease?
A nail consists of
Which of the following expressions matches the following narrative? 3 more than 4 times a number
You are a salesperson at GNC.  A person comes to the counter with a bottle of leucine tablets and indicates they wish to use this to help them build muscle tissue.  Would you recommend this product or suggest a different product to them for achieving their goal? Explain.
Text in table cells can not be formatted like text in a Google Doc can.
The student nurse notices several visible deposits of urate crystals on multiple joints of a client's hands.  How would this condition would be noted on the client's chart?
1.3   New Sprites cannot be created   (1)
An elderly male client's wife of 50 years recently died from cancer. He suffers from a chronic debilitating illness and has been refusing to eat, drink, or take his medications. This client is displaying behavior characteristic of:
A child who recovers from chickenpox may now be immune for the rest of his life.  This is an example of
This is one of the artists of the High Renaissance?
Sociology graduates, upon entering the workforce, earn a mean salary of $30,000 with a standard deviation of $4000. Cristina is not sure how much she will make after graduation. She will be happy if her salary is in the middle 50% of all salaries. Find the two salaries that are the cut-off values for the middle 50% of salaries.
Your expected products are 12,376 bp, 550 bp and 150 bp.  Which DNA ladder should you use?
STATISTICS A researcher analyzes the factors that may influence amusement park attendance. She estimates the following model: Attendance = B0 + B1 Price+ B2 Temperature + B3 Rides + e  where Attendance is the daily attendance (in 1000s), Price is the gate price (in $), Temperature is the average daily temperature (in oF), and Rides is the number of rides at the amusement park. A portion of the regression results is shown in the accompanying table.  In the model above the R2 of the Model is most nearly?
The amnion and the chorion should fuse by ___ weeks.
(3 points) List 3 metabolic activities of the gut microbiota that affect health. (2 points) What is the difference between a prebiotic and a probiotic?
