Now that you are halfway through the course, I am interested in the community building aspect of this online course as I believe that building community is an important component of learning in a classroom. There are two Discussions activities (Intro and COVID) that I have assigned to help facilitate this process. There are also multiple peer study group sessions throughout the week as well as office hour chat and weekly group study sessions with me.  1. How has your participation in any of these activities helped you with community building in this course? 2. How have you been hindered in building community in this course? Which activities are not useful in helping you build community? Please explain. You will receive two extra credit points for answering these questions. Thank you!
What is the ending value of z?  int x = 5;int y = 12;double z;z = (double)(y / x);
Which of the reaction sequences will produce the alcohol below? Check all that apply.
When there is an excess of fear in the economy you have a bubble.
You are creating a query using the Query Design button. What happens when you double-click a table name in the Show Table dialog box?
Why are echinoderms and chordates closely related?
The nurse assessing a client with hypopituitarism would note the finding most consistent with this disorder as
A 14 year old boy is electrocuted while trying to hop a fence onto a private property. While being shocked, the boy was attached to the fence until the electricity stopped. Which of the following explains why the boy was stuck to the fence?
On May 1, Bob the Barkeep places an order by telephone for 2000 cases of various dry beers at $17/case for immediate delivery. The sales manager at Larry's Liquors takes the order. Bob follows up on the phone call by filling out a written order form, confirming the sale that had been negotiated over the phone. He faxes the form to Larry's Liquors. On May 3, Larry himself writes back to Bob. Larry is sorry to have to report that all of his dry beer stocks are already committed to other customers, and so he would have to order more. It will take at least two months for a delivery, and because demand for dry beer is spiking, it will cost more like $25/case.  Assume now that Larry forgot to write back to Bob but instead had left it on his to-do list for three weeks. In the meantime, Bob has been buying dry beer from other distributors for $32/case. If Bob were to sue Larry for breach of contract, what result?
The back of the knee joint is reinforced by ____________ ligaments.
An island has many kinds of birds, no native species of snakes, and few large predators. Brown snakes eat bird eggs. What is the MOST likely result of brown snakes being released accidentally on the island?
The vehicle's control systems consist of which of the following:
A nurse is analyzing laboratory results for a client admitted with a possible myocardial infarction (MI).  Which result would be used to rule out an MI?
Cu
Filler metal with an AWS classification of ER308 is used to weld
According to the lecture, what is the purpose of a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system?
True or False: Submitting a 'corrupted file' will BE counted as a late submission
Explain the systems approach to training.
The Japanese defeat at __________ serves as the turning point in the Pacific.
Explain ecotourism in English within the specific context of the video clip in this module.
