Emily, a Colorado resident in her 20th week of pregnancy, had been running a fever and experiencing muscle aches and diarrhea for the past two days. When she noticed bright red blood on her underwear she called her obstetrician, who instructed her to go to the hospital immediately. While in the emergency room, two sets of aerobic and anaerobic blood cultures were taken. Unfortunately, during her exam a fetal heartbeat was not detected. Emily was most likely experiencing a miscarriage. Hospital staff put her on a combination antimicrobial therapy consisting of ampicillin and gentamycin. Blood cultures revealed that Emily had a Listeria monocytogenes infection. Laboratory analysis of fetal and placental tissue also revealed the presence of L. monocytogenes. Once stabilized, Emily was interviewed about the foods she had eaten for the four weeks prior to symptoms developing. While it was difficult for her to recall all food choices over such a lengthy time period, during the interview Emily's husband mentioned she had been craving fruit, especially cantaloupe. The interviewer asked a few more questions about the cantaloupe, and said that someone from the department of health might follow up with Emily. Local health authorities were starting to investigate the possibility of an outbreak of listeriosis. Listeriosis is a nationally notifiable foodborne illness caused by L. monocytogenes, a Gram-positive bacterium. The bacterium can be found in soil, water, and in a number of animals. About 10 percent of people carry L. monocytogenes asymptomatically in their intestinal tract. Forty other mammals and about 17 bird species also carry the bacterium. Any food can become contaminated with Listeria, but cooking and pasteurization kill the bacterium, so raw foods and/or foods that become contaminated after cooking are more commonly sources. Deli meats and hot dogs processed by contaminated packing equipment are prime sources for Listeria, as the bacteria can grow at refrigerator temperatures; these foods are often insufficiently heated before serving. Unpasteurized milk products and cheeses are also common sources. Less frequently, raw vegetables, fruits, prepared deli salads, smoked fish spreads, and meat pate are sources of infection. According to the CDC, about 800 laboratory-confirmed cases of listeriosis occur in the United States every year; most are asymptomatic. Clinical cases are mainly seen in pregnant women and the elderly. Pregnant women are 20 times more likely to become infected than nonpregnant healthy adults, likely due to the lowered cell-mediated immunity (selective immune suppression) that occurs in pregnancy. Listeriosis during pregnancy is especially dangerous since about 22 out of 100 perinatal listeriosis cases result in miscarriage, stillbirth, or neonatal death. The incubation period for listeriosis ranges from 3 to 70 days, but symptoms usually appear within a month and can last several days to several weeks. Emily was one of 146 people affected by the Listeria outbreak in 2011 that killed 30 people. Among the 140 outbreak victims who were able to provide information on what they ate, 131 (94%) reported consuming cantaloupe within the month before becoming ill. Eventually all of the cases were linked to cantaloupes from Jensen Farms.    1. In general, what is the source of the pathogen L. monocytogenes?   [color1]  2. What is the mode of transmission for L. monocytogenes? [color2] 3. Why is listeriosis not considered a communicable disease? [color3]  4. The Listeria outbreak in 2011 killed 30 people. This is a [color4] 5. Ninety-four percent of interviewed infected individuals reported consuming cantaloupe within the month before becoming ill. This is a [color5]
Which of the following antidiarrheals  should NOT be used in herding breeds?
Patients with Type I diabetes are?
Your friend Carrie took a daily supplement of vitamin C and stated that she felt a lot better. Her experience is best described as a(n)
Using the innovation matrix, the strategic decision to implement changes that use existing assets to provide added convenience to existing customers and potentially entice customers from other brands is considered:
Name one dense connective tissue.
During which constitution was the Texas governor very powerful, and many regarded state government as oppressive and corrupt?
Which term below refers to an inducible chemical with fairly local activity that can be a good defense against certain microorganisms?
Charles Perrault is known for being the first to
Which is not included in cognitive development    a.  understanding emotions    b. making emotional adjustments    c. stabilization of nutritional needs    d. social independence
Which part of the Constitution gives Congress the power to collect a federal income tax?
The primary follicle develops from the
What "problematic power" did the critic (that "new species of specialist reader") have?
An insurer's global expansion plan that involves creating and operating an entirely new and separate company would be an example of a:
A waste product dumped by a chemical company into a nearby pond is found to paralyze the contractile vacuoles of certain protists like Paramecium. A biologist looking at individual samples of these organisms taken from the pond would find that they
If you hold your hand right in front of your face, it is possible that there is either a normally sized hand very close to your face, or a gigantic freak hand that is far away. One reason the brain tends to interpret this situation as a close normally sized hand is because _____.
The French composer (last name only) [1], wrote a theoretical treatise called (in English [2] that codified the major-minor system.
Read the following instructions carefully before answering the questions:     1.         The answers you provide must be your own, original work. No copying from any source is allowed. No marks will be awarded for work that is copied.     2.         Read all the questions carefully.     3.         Answer ALL the questions IN the quiz - do not leave any blank and do not write your answers on paper.     4.         Use the mark allocation as a guide to how much information is required in your answers.     5.         A file upload may be required. You will need paper, a pencil, a ruler and a scanner, scanning App or phone camera.     6.         Only hand draw diagrams, flow charts or tables on a separate piece of paper when asked to do so.     7.         All drawings should be done in pencil and labelled in blue or black ink.     8.         The diagrams in this question paper are not necessarily drawn to scale.     9.         You may use a calculator if necessary.
The cup-shaped recesses in the center of each kidney that receive the urine from the collecting ducts are called the:
What type of arthritic condition may benefit from supplementing with glucosamine and chondroitin?
