Extra Credit: A patient is being treated for a mediastinal mass on a linear accelerator with a calculated isocenter of 100 SSD.  The patient's separation is 24 cm.  The tumor is located 4 cm posterior to the anterior surface of the patient. The doctor wants to treat the patient using a non-isocentric source to skin distance set-up.  What is the patient's AP SSD?
The kidneys secrete a variable amount of _____ from the proximal convoluted tubule and collecting duct, which is important in regulating the pH of blood.
What DSL variant has a distance limitation of 18,000 ft. between a DSL modem and its DSLAM?
When a patient has a Dilation and Curettage (D&C) procedure performed, the dilation must be performed first to gain access to the endometrium, which can then be scraped, either for diagnostic or therapeutic purposes. What is the root operation for this procedure?
Which of the following would NOT be detected by DNA polymerase's proofreading domain?
In terms of order of operations in mathematical equations, place these in order.    Multiplication/division Exponents Addition/subtraction
The general term for legal documents describing a person's wishes if one becomes unable to make  decisions about one's own medical care are called:
A 78 year old male undergoing chemotherapy treatment for multiple myeloma presents with a femur fracture after a fall at home. The patient has significant erosion of the femur from his multiple myeloma. Given this information, this fracture would be classified as:
Which of the following represents hereditary intracorpuscular defects?
Craig, Donna, and Eve do business as FasTrak Career Consultants. Eve's relationship to FasTrak ends, but the firm continues to do business. The termination of Eve's relationship to FasTrak is
Which of the following best explains the global distribution of plant species, such as the Glossopteris, during the Mesozoic?
The meaning of some words can change from a noun to a verb, and vice versa, by changing the stress pattern. Which ONE of the following words is the only one that follows this pattern/rule? rebel     reuse       rebuild      rely                [1]
You are setting up a PCR reaction and add a primer for one end of the target sequence, but you forget to add the primer for the other end of the target sequence. If you added the other necessary components, what do you expect to observe after running the PCR reaction for 40 cycles?
The symbol of sodium is NA
Which of the following is a characteristic of stramenophiles
Francisco, a soccer enthusiast, watches a soccer match. While discussing the match with his friends, he is able to remember the first and the last players to receive a yellow card from the referee but not the other players who received yellow cards in the middle of the match. This tendency of Francisco to recall only the first and the last players to receive a yellow card best illustrates
Which of the following shows the correct conversion of 0530 to regular time?
Treatment for each person with Parkinson's is based on his or her symptoms.
Which of the following is an example of vicarious reinforcement?
Consider this sentence in English: John eats pizza.   What does John eat?  Pizza Therefore, pizza is the _________________ .
