QUESTION 6         A boy pushes his little brother in a cart. The cart starts to move.     Right click on the button to open the picture of the boy and his brother in a new window.    The little brother and cart have a total mass of 50 kg. They travel at a velocity of 4 m/s.         6.1   State the relationship between momentum, mass and velocity.    (1)     6.2   Calculate the momentum of the little brother and cart.    (3)     6.3   The boy applies a steady force for a time of 1.5 s. The momentum of the little brother and cart increases by 450 kg m/s.  Calculate the force which the boy applies.    (3)     6.4   Momentum is a vector quantity.  State what is meant by a vector quantity.    (2)     6.5   The photograph shows a mother and her daughter stationary on an ice rink.    Right click on the button to open a photograph of the mother and daughter in a new window.   The mother and daughter push each other away. They move in opposite directions with different speeds.  With reference to Newton's laws, explain why they have different speeds.   (5)
Enter the answer to Question 7
Practice uploading a single file to the question while you are in proctoring mode.
The process by which instruments and equipment are maintained to operate within normal limits is called
What does the SaO2 measure?
In the summer of 1811, the troops of _____ defeated the Indian forces of _____at Tippecanoe Creek.
A paralegal may NOT perform which of the following duties with regard to Sole Proprietorships?
Talking rapidly, dressing flamboyantly, and getting involved in dangerous activities are _____ symptoms of mania.
The amount of blood ejected from the ventricles in a single contraction is termed ___________.
Which figure depicts an animal cell placed in a solution hypotonic to the cell?
A rise in incomes increases or decreases the demand for normal goods such as restaurant meals, sports tickets, and necklaces.
The embryonic heart begins to beat at approximately:
The nurse is teaching the patient about signs and symptoms of superinfection that can occur while he is taking a prescribed antibiotic.  All of the following are symptoms of superinfection the patient should report except:
Which hormone stimulates ovulation?
Building on the previous question, Operation Warp Speed  continues to move the vaccine in 45 lb boxes that each carry about 4,000 doses, but is exploring options with other carriers than Fedex.  A freight forwarder -- a company that purchases space in large blocks on flights from airlines and other carriers and sells that space in smaller blocks to smaller shippers -- offers the following pricing structure: $600 for any shipment weighing between 0 and 200 lbs $1000 for any shipment weighing between 200 lbs and 400 lbs. General Perna's team still wants to trade off the costs of getting the vaccine to states and counties in the Western US against the delays inherent in larger shipments. A larger shipment represents more Days of Supply, which means the vaccine waits longer to become a vaccination.  Demand for vaccines in Los Angeles County is estimated at 1.6 million doses (for the A+ portion of the population), which is about 11% of the total demand that will ship out of the facility supplying vaccine for the Western US.  The cost of a dose of vaccine is roughly $40. (Be Careful! This value may have changed from the previous question) After long deliberations and an extensive scientific study considering perishability, risk of lives lost due to delays, etc., General Perna's team concluded an appropriate inventory holding cost for COVID vaccine is 50% for the period in question (Be Careful! This value may have changed from the previous question). Using these values, what is the ideal shipment size, measured in boxes, for sending vaccine to Los Angeles County that minimizes the 'total cost' for Operation Warp Speed using the freight forwarder?
37. The type and severity of complications associated with contrast media is related to:  Route of administration Amount used Patient's sensitivity
If you have a blood pressure of 110/80 mm Hg, what is your pulse pressure?
What was the name of the theory that communism must be stopped where it already existed and not allowed to spread further?
Android obesity is characterized by
During a small face-to-face group meeting, where will coworkers find most of the meaning of the message?
