Drinking alcohol during pregnancy ____.
A 100 kilogram asteroid is traveling in a straight line toward Mars at 1000 meters per second. Ignoring any gravitational forces, calculate the momentum toward Mars of the asteroid. (Formula for momentum, p = MV )
The correct order of phases in mitosis is_____
Pick one book from before the midterm and one from after and talk to me about why the posed particular problems for you. Focus on the gaps in your own background and education. It's not a critique of the writer or the course materials, but rather, looking very closely, in a detailed way, at specific quotes, passages, and ideas that challenged either: a) the way you're used to reading, b) the way you're used to thinking, or c) both. You can't start in the same place you ended. I mean, an essay that begins and ends with "I didn't like Stein because of all the nonsense" is an essay by a person who has read Tender Buttons and learned nothing. That is not a person who has a great deal of aptitude for literary study. You don't have to renounce all your beliefs, proclaim your wokeness, whatever. Don't waste your time or mine. The deal here is that by the time most people graduate from high school, they've been indoctrinated to think about literature in a certain way. Literature is a subject you study in school. It reinforces the power structure and the messages the power structure would like you to absorb so you can be a good little worker bee. So, more likely than not, by the time you show up to my class, you're walking around with a bunch of extremely rigid, built-in ideas about what literature is or can be. As is so often the case with great literature, the works we studied this semester were in very large part designed to disrupt those assumptions. And it begins on day one. What's that you say? Poetry has to rhyme? No no no, says Mr. Whitman. And so on. And look, this doesn't have to be an exercise in self-punishment. No one is suggesting you are bad naughty or ignorant kitty-cats. You have a lot better grip on the truth at your age than I had when I was taking core lit courses in college. Hell, I thought colonialism was a consequence of Europe overpopulation problems until I was in my 20s. School lies, sometimes without even knowing it's lying. Same as parents. They tell us what they were told. Well, sometimes, they were told lies. Put it this way: you showed up with certain ideas about what falls under the umbrella of literature. That umbrella should be bigger by now. Pick one piece from the beginning of the semester and one from the end that were difficult to fit under that umbrella for one reason or another at first, and then tell me how you finally got them under there. Remember, they all belong there. There is no text that I thought this semester that is not widely considered worthy of literary study, so this isn't just a matter of opinion. I mean, if you thought earlier this month and still think now that Gertrude Stein doesn't merit serious attention, it's not because you have some opinion that matters. It's because you're wrong. Note that this doesn't mean you have to like her. You just need to figure out where the problem lies. The problem lies with you. What is your problem? Was it your upbringing? Your teachers? Your parents? Your church? Are you lazy? Et cetera. Your humble professor was way too lazy for 17th Century poetry until he was in his thirties. Don't be shy. Just try to be introspective and honest with yourself and think about how your understanding of literature has changed. If it hasn't changed at least a little, chances are you weren't reading or listening hard enough. Deal with two authors. One from before the midterm, one from after. 30 points each for a total of 60 points. It goes without saying this should be a pretty hefty and thoughtful essay.
The need for a rationing device is a consequence of
_______drives gene expression in forespore cells (produced before septation) and _______ drives late gene expression in forespore.
When is the average velocity of an object equal to the instantaneous velocity?
This procedure protects against the loss of data
The autonomic nervous system is divided into: ________ and __________ divisions.
TCH - BIPOLAR  A preceptor mental health nurse informs the new nurse that it would be important to implement definite suicide precautions for a depressed client if the client's mood suddenly changes to one of:
Which parameter differentiates the following pair of signs: UGLY and SUMMER?
Spirituality and religiosity
What protein binds peripheral actin to proteins that, in turn, attach to the endomysium?
The skin swells and puckers during a long bath. This suggests that bath water is a(n) ________ fluid.
Which ancient tablets mention Sodom and Gomorrah and the name of Abraham several times?
A nurse follows the "ethics of care" when working with patients. Which action will the nurse take?
A patient suffering from acute respiratory failure has been intubated for four days on the following settings:           Mode AC-PC   PIP 35   RR 20   PEEP 15   FIO2 100    What should the respiratory therapist be concerned about?
In the 1820s, under Nicholas Biddle, the Bank of the United States
Resistance of head lice, bed bugs and mosquitos to treatments that used to work is due to
The growth of modern police forces has been linked to gin riots in England.
