To achieve equilibrium solid phases, one must cool the liquid phase quickly/slowly.
The Roman consul who recruited an army by allowing landless men to serve in the legions was
Who developed a plow that broke the plains?
The buying period that takes place before the TV season begins and where networks sell much of their commercial time is referred to as the
QUESTION #4 Mr. Poe Tator went to the emergency room of Merciful Hospital, a small rural hospital in the state of Ames, complaining of a head ache and light sensitivity (light hurt his eyes). Dr. Ty Lenol was the Emergency Room Doctor who was assigned to examine Mr. Poe Tator. Dr. Ty Lenol was actually employed by ER Inc. ER Inc. had contracted with Merciful Hospital to provide ER doctors to staff the emergency room. The contract provided that the ER doctors were independent contractors, the ER doctors would be paid by ER Inc., ER Inc. would bill the patients directly, the ER doctors had to qualify for staff privileges at Merciful Hospital, Merciful Hospital would provide all necessary equipment and support staff, and that ER Inc. would pay for malpractice insurance for all ER doctors. Dr. Ty Lenol's name tag read "Merciful Hospital;" however, there was a sign posted in the emergency room that read, "All Emergency Room Physicians are Independent Contractors." Dr. Ty Lenol performed the standard screening tests according to standing protocols written by Merciful Hospital. He took Poe Tator's pulse, blood pressure, and monitored his heart. Mr. Poe Tator was also give pain medication - you guessed it, Tylenol with codeine. Mr. Poe Tator seemed to be better so Dr. Ty Lenol diagnosed a migraine headache, prescribed pain medication, and discharged Mr. Poe Tator at 8:40 p.m. A migraine headache presents with light sensitivity. Major metropolitan hospitals would perform a brain MRI given the symptoms that Mr. Poe Tator was exhibiting to rule out a brain aneurysm." An aneurysm is an abnormal dilation of an artery due to a weakness in the wall of the vessel. The symptoms include a severe headache and light sensitivity. At midnight, Mr. Poe Tator returned to the emergency room by ambulance. He was experiencing excruciation head pain and was covering his eyes with a pillow while he groaned in pain. Shortly thereafter, emergency surgery was performed at 12:30 a.m. to remove the aneurysm. Time is of the essence with a brain aneurysm. If surgery had been performed when Mr. Poe Tator first presented to the emergency room, he would have had a 60% chance of a full recovery. At midnight, his odds had been reduced to about 30%. Although the surgery was skillfully performed, the aneurysm had ruptured and Mr. Poe Tator suffered significant brain damage as a result. Discuss the likely result of any medical negligence cause of action against Dr. Ty Lenol that may be pursed based on the above facts. DO NO DISCUSS ANY CAUSE OF ACTION BASED ON VIOLATION OF THE DOCTRINE OF INFORMED CONSENT. (Allocated Time: 20 Minutes. Available Points: 30).
Extra Credit 3 Which species have nucleated red blood cells as their typical morphology? (read carefully)
Why do you not want to palpate for digital pulses with your thumb?
SECTION C:
After studying diverse cultures such as Native American tribes and inner city youth, Erikson developed a:
A patient with bipolar disorder gives birth to a child with spina bifida and hypospadias. What is the most likely cause for the child's defects?
In Network Planning, a consideration includes facility decisions such a capacity of equipment and people. What is this consideration?
Esmolol is ordered for a client. The solution available is 2 g in 250 mL D5W. The order is to infuse 28 mL/hr. How many mg per hour will the patient receive?
Which layer of the tears is supplied by the lacrimal glands?
Determine whether the set is well defined or not well defined. The set of professional football players over the age of 35
A mutation in the gene for the yeast regulatory protein GAL4 causes yeast to grow poorly on galactose.  What is the function of GAL4?
A diliberate attempt to threat or touch without consent is battery
QUESTION 1 TOTAL:   [10]
Collagenous and elastic fibers are found in what type of tissue?
PepsiCo's strategy called "capital performance with a purpose" links green efforts in businesses to the bottom line. This is an example of addressing concerns in the sustainable physical segment of the general environment
A patient seen in the emergency department exhibits paralysis of the lower extremities that is getting progressively worse. Vital capacity is 6 mL/kg, maximum inspiratory pressure (MIP) is -17 cm H2O, and oxygen saturation measured by pulse oximeter (SpO2) is 89%. Arterial blood gases (ABGs) are pending. The physician suspects Guillain-Barre syndrome. The most appropriate action at this time is which of the following?
