TOTAL QUESTION 4:   [20]         GRAND TOTAL:   [70]
Describe what field / job you want to work in and why Explain what skills and experiences you have that make you a good candidate for that field / job More than 74% of employers seek employees with initiative (personas que toman la iniciativa) and nearly 60% want employees who are detail-oriented (personas detallistas) (NACE Job Outlook 2019). Describe some sort of event that you planned and carried out in the past. Include what the event was, what its purpose was or what it celebrated, what you did to make it a success, and what happened. More than 78% of employers want to work with employees who have good interpersonal skills, including working with people who are culturally different from them (NACE Job Outlook 2019). Explain at least one concrete practice or perspective that you've learned about Hispanic/Latino cultures in this class and how that knowledge/skill will be specifically useful in your work with Hispanics/Latinos in your field/job.
Give me the meaning of the suffix -algia.
. An organization is considering three cities for a conference:  New York City (N),     Chicago (C), or Philadelphia (P).  The group members voted and Chicago was favored     when compared separately with all the other cities.  However, the winner will be determined      by the plurality method.  The votes are summarized in the following preference table.                 Number of Votes   16   12   6   4     First choice   C   P   P   N     Second Choice   P   C   N   C     Third Choice   N   N   C   P           Is the head-to-head criterion satisfied?
Which of the following resources should you check before contacting the instructor with any type of technical or course conduct questions?
Find the vertex and axis of symmetry of the graph of the function.  f(x) = x2+4x+3{"version":"1.1","math":"f(x) = x2+4x+3"}
18. Using Fig 7, the weight of wide flange beams is:  The columns are 16 feet high.    Fig 7: Steel Framing Plan
Which of the following aromatic compounds will NOT undergo SNAr reactions with a nucleophile?
What is the wavelength of the shortest wavelength light visible to the human eye?
Which of the following describes bonds that give the borrower the option to pay off the debt before maturity?
Neur/o means nerve or nerve cell. The word that means pain in a nerve is
After Exam 1 is over, Dr. C. and the TAs will be reviewing the video of you taking this exam and looking at the notes from the proctor Honorlock.   What will happen to your score on Exam 1 score if your hands, calculator, and workspace are not in camera view during the exam?
The muscle that makes up the upper and lower lips and that may be disrupted in clefting is:
The area involved with motivation, judgement, and decision making is located in the region near _________
The most obvious difference in Roosevelt and Hoover's approach to solving the Great Depression was
What is a characteristic of structure-function claims on food labels?
The nurse is providing health education to an 80-year-old woman who has just been diagnosed with osteoporosis. Which is an accurate statement when teaching the patient about this diagnosis?
Name the compound which results when propyl benzoate is heated in a large excess of ethanol in the presence of catalytic acid.
In the figure below, the growth curve labeled "b" represents a(n)
3.4   Did the 'monster' really destroy Conor's house and window? Give a reason for your answer.   (2)
