Role shifting is used to successfully describe a situation or showing a behavior
Use properties of logarithms to condense the logarithmic expression. Write the expression as a single logarithm whose coefficient is 1. Where possible, evaluate logarithmic expressions.log2(x + 4) - log2(x + 6)
On average, this is the saltiest ocean, given the high rates of evaporation
What key factors should you use for analysis when developing a strategy?
As we discussed in detail during our class, which of the following is McCarville's favorite type of precedence?
Osmosis is the movement of __________.
Assume that x is an int variable. What value is assigned to x after the followingassignment statement is executed?x=-3+4%6/5;
An increase in the size of cells without cell division is
Which one of the following is the broadest scope of ecological study?
Between weeks 3 and 8 of development, a developing individual is considered a ________.
Free Response: Below all of the free response questions for this exam are listed. You should work all of the free responses completely before exiting the Canvas quiz. You only need to type your final answer for each question into the essay box below. Once you have closed the quiz, then you can use your cell phone to take pictures of your free response work and then can upload this to the assignment labelled "Free Response Exam 2" as a pdf or word document. You will have 10 minutes from the time you finish the Canvas quiz closes to upload. Note that no credit will be given for a free response question without both the answer typed into the box (matching your work) and the work upload. If the quiz times out before you get to type in an answer, e-mail me your final answer (or as far as you got for the question) immediately. The quiz is time stamped, so I will know whether you sent it immediately or took additional time to work on it outside of the Canvas quiz. A periodic table and important equations and conversions are included below:NA = 6.022 x 1023M1V1=M2V2 Free Response 1: Answer each of the following questions regarding the mole concept. Show all work. Upload your response. i. How many moles of Ca are present in a sample that contains 4.8 x 1022 atoms? (4 points)ii. How many molecules of CCl4 are present in a 15.8 gram sample? (4 points)iii. How many atoms of chlorine are present in a 15.8 gram sample of CCl4? (4 points) Free Response 2: Answer the following questions concerning a sample that is 1.79 % H, 27.4 % P, and 70.8 % Br. Show all work and upload your answers.i. Determine the empirical formula of the substance (5 points)ii. If the molecular mass of the compound is 112.89 g/mol, determine the molecular formula of the compound. (3 points)iii. What mass of bromine would be present in a 45 gram sample of the molecule? (4 points) Free Response 3: Imaginary element X (MM 86.43 g/mol) reacts with imaginary element Y (MM = 19.64 g/mol) according to the following chemical equations. Determine how many grams of Y are required to completely react with 49.3 grams of X. (5 points)X + Y  XY5 Free Response 4: For the aqueous reactants, Ga2(SO4)3 and BaCl2,i. predict the products of the reaction and write the complete chemical equation (1 point each product)ii. Determine the phase of each product (1 point each product)iii. Balance the equation (2 points entire reaction)iv. Identify the reaction as an acid-base neutralization reaction or precipitation reaction. (2 points)
Identify the kind of argument from the options: All logicians are unemployed, since all logicians are philosophers and all philosophers are unemployed.
INSTRUCTIONS      1.   This paper consists of: Section A: Essay                                                                                            (50) Section B: Longer Transactional Texts                                                        (30) Section C: Shorter Transactional Texts                                                       (20)      2.   Answer only ONE question per section.      3.   Number the answers according to the numbering system used in the question paper.      4.   Plan, edit and proofread your essay and write a draft and final piece.      5.   You are strongly advised to spend approximately 80 minutes on Section A, 40 minutes on section B and 30 minutes on section C.      6.   Pay attention to spelling, choice of words, grammar, punctuation, structure and the necessary format characteristics.
When you pick up your pencil to fill in answer bubbles, the stimulation of the sensory neuron in your fingers begins with
The World Health Organization allocates more funding to low SDI countries to combat the spread of a new virus. This is an example of what?
Which emergency is caused by the body's inability to adjust to varying levels of blood pressure?
What type of analysis is indicated by the following?           Increase (Decrease)         Current Year  Preceding Year  Amount   Percent    Current assets  $   430,000   $   500,000   $ (70,000)   (14%)    Fixed assets  1,740,000   1,500,000   240,000     16%
Which one of these is not a type of RNA?
Phospholipid molecules in most membranes have:
The tissue sample in the image is from _________
