Your used car is expected to last an average of 200,000 miles with a standard deviation of 25,000 miles before it requires a new transmission.    a. Use Chebyshev's Theorem to approximate the probability that the engine will last     between 150,000 miles and 250,000 miles.    b. Assume a symmetric bell-shaped distribution to approximate the probability that the     engine will last between 150,000 miles and 250,000 miles.
Why is seed dormancy important?
Which of the following compounds will have the highest molar solubility in pure water?
What is one type of arc motion device?(3pts.)
Following an initial, brief, 5-10 second period of trigger point stimulation, the patient should be asked to report his or her sensations.  Which of the following is NOT one of three possible reactions?
Two year old  presents with symptoms of croup. All of the following are true of croup in the pediatric patient EXCEPT:
Carrie Ann is a professional dancer from Argentina, she is interested in coming to Canada, she wants to choreograph dances for musicals, music videos for film, theatre and television performances. She tells you that she wants to apply under the Federal Skilled Worker Stream under NOC 5131 (A) or perhaps the provincial nominee program, what do you advise her?
Which of the following actions is illegal for a 527 or 401 (c)(4)group?
For the EMT who has cared for a pediatric patient in tragic circumstances, which of the following would be an appropriate way of dealing with stress accompanying the experience?
This is a two part question:a. Based on the reproductive structure seen here. What is the common name of the group that this fungi belongs to?  _______ b. What is the order classification for this group of fungi?  _______
Which of the following sentences is clear and grammatically correct?
Please explain the book Gary's Gigantic Dream using at least 3 sentences.
I am currently attempting the "Silly Mock Quiz".
Which of the following options best describes the most likely location of crossing over between the X and Y chromosomes and timing when this occurs?     X Chromosome Y Chromosome Meiotic Phase   A) Xp Yp Prophase I   B) Xp Yp Prophase II   C) Xp Yq Prophase I   D) Xp Yq Prophase II   E) Xq Yp Prophase I   F) Xq Yp Prophase II   G) Xq Yq Prophase I   H) Xq Yq Prophase II
Find the equations for the vertical asymptotes (if any) of the graph of the function:fx = xsinx{"version":"1.1","math":"Find the equations for the vertical asymptotes (if any) of the graph of the function:fx = xsinx"}
What does an ovulated oocyte first come into contact with?
Which structure is used to distinguish bacteria?
Of the sympathetic and parasympathetic preganglionic neurons, the one with the shortest axon is
Humans lack enzymes to digest___________.
16. A 24-year-old woman is evaluated because of diarrhea, urgency and abdominal pain for the past 4 to 6 weeks. She has not had a fever or chills. The patient has a 5-pack-year history of smoking. Medical history is otherwise unremarkable, and she takes no medications. On physical examination, vital signs are normal. The abdomen is soft and diffusely tender without guarding or rebound. Rectal examination is normal, and a stool sample is negative for occult blood. Laboratory studies are significant for an erythrocyte sedimentation rate of 75 mm/h, a hemoglobin level of 11 g/dL (120 g/L, normal 12-16 g/dL), and a leukocyte count of 12,500/uL (12.5 x 109/L, normal 4,000-10,000/mL). Colonoscopy shows areas of inflammation scattered throughout the colon with friability, granularity, and deep ulcerations in the inflamed areas. The intervening mucosa between areas of inflammation appears normal; the rectum and ileum also appear normal. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
