A Wall Street Journal (WSJ) article reported that SW Airlines had lost more bags than its competitors and fewer flights were on time. SW was connecting more passengers and had added larger planes. Its fares were no longer considered the lowest in the industry. Nevertheless, it stuck to its policy of "bags fly free," and it was still the only U.S. airline with an investment grade credit rating. Based on the information given above and using the key concepts introduced by M. Porter's analysis and which were discussed in class, what could have gone wrong with SW Airlines?  Provide three diagnostic points.
Abagnale Industries has a special contract with the European Union to provide the ink used for printing Euros.  On January 1, 2003 Abagnale purchased and opened a plant in New Rochelle, New York to produce the ink.  Because the ink can be toxic, there are strict state rules regarding the clean up of the site after the plant is shut down.  At the time of opening, Abagnale estimates that they will have to pay $8,250,000 in 15 years to restore the site.  They will also be required to pay an additional fee of $500,000 for inspection of the site (to confirm that it is cleaned).  The company estimates that their risk adjusted rate of return is 4% and expect to close the plant after 15 years.  a. (8 points) Record the asset retirement obligation and all other required journal entries for 2003 (you don't need to record the plant purchase and assume straight-line depreciation). Date the journal entries.  b. (4 points) At the conclusion of the 15-year period, Abagnale closed the facility and completed the restoration for $8,400,000. Because of changes to the laws, the required $500,000 inspection fee was waved.  Record the final journal entry for the restoration at the end of the 15-year period.
What did Ms. Savell mean when she talked about emotions layering?
The map units on a detailed soil map in a county soil survey report (same as Web Soil Survey) are most likely to be labeled with names from which category of Soil Taxonomy?
Disease-causing microorganisms are called
Based on class lecture, evaluate the following statement: "Old Testament believers could lose their salvation because the Spirit left Saul."
The strongest oscillations in force during a constant force task occur at:
The client has been vomiting frequently for several days.  Which acid-base disturbance is the client most likely to experience because of the vomiting?
Where does B-cell development take place?
Which of the following is not true of perpetual inventory system?
A bond with 6% semiannual coupons and  22 years until maturity is priced today for a YTM of 5%.  What can you enter in your financial calculator to find the price today?
All of the following are true of periodontitis, EXCEPT:
How many polypeptide chains make up hemoglobin?
The male copulatory organ designed to deliver sperm into the female reproductive tract is known as the ______.
Darius accomplished all of the following except
The bone indicated by the pointer above is the:
Here in Florida rabies is mostly transmitted by
All cells in__________ epithelium reach the basement membrane, but only cells that reach the free surface have cilia.
Prompt pay legislation impacts:
Daniel Y. is a 29 year old male patient with Cystic Fibrosis and Pneumonia.  He is currently on a 4L NC.  His assessment is as followed: HR 120 RR 26 Sa02 94% Temp: 101.8F BBS: Bilateral wheezes and coarse rhonchi to BUL and decreased with crackles to the LLL   Which of the following is the most appropriate treatment regimen?
