1.1.5   An example of monopolistic competition in South Africa is ....   (2)
1.5   Noem twee dinge waaroor Facebook-gebruikers negatief voel?   (2)
Which of the following would be the first way to attempt to control bleeding from a wound on the arm?
QUESTION 1.2 CHOOSE THE CORRECT ANSWER          1.2   Complete the following statements using the words in the list below. Choose only the correct word and type it in the space provided.             Mind maps, market development, skills development fund, induction, national consumer commission, national skills fund (NVF), brainstorming, backward integration.         1.2.1   The .......................................... is a fund used to fund priority projects of the National Skills Development Strategy that are not the responsibility of any SETA.   (2)
Which of the following would be classified as a spontaneous mutation?
Welcome to Test 3. Please confirm that you recognize that this is a closed book test. This means:   You can't use notes, course materials (D2L or books). No one should be in the room with you. You should not touch or look at your phone during the test. Your room scan should have demonstrated a clean desk and testing area  No calculator - I've made the math very easy.   Non compliance will result in a zero and your name being reported to academic affairs and the nursing department.  Take a deep breath, You got this! The hardest test is behind you!  Sign "YES" below to confirm that you understand the closed book concept
Question 2    In Delphi, open the Question2_p project file in the Question 2 folder.           2.1) Create a formCreate procedure. Set 2 tabs in the TRichedit (redDisplay) at 10 and 75. (3)            2.2) D&D uses throwing of a dice to determine in-game events. You have been provided with four images in the Question2 folder, namely:  d4 - 1.bmp d4 - 2.bmp d4 - 3.bmp d4 - 4.bmp Create the btnThrowDiceClick procedure for the Throw Dice button. Create a random number in the range 1 to 4. Display this random number in the lblRandomNo label and then set the image's picture to the correct file, depending on this random number.  (14)              2.3) When registering you get a free T-shirt although you can order more than one. The registration fee is R250 for the day. The price of the T-Shirt depends on the size. Prices are provided in the radiogroup. Remember that the first T-shirt is free.               2.3.a)  Declare a global variable for the registration fee. (1)             2.3.b) Create  the btnCheckClick procedure for the Check button. You must  calculate the final payment required on registration (set the global variable to this figure). Display the payment, as currency in the Registration fee panel (pnlReg), and change the background to a different colour, e.g light blue.   (16)                2.4) Complete the btnEarlyBirdClick procedure for the Early Bird Button.  If you pay early you get a 5% early bird discount. Calculate 5% of the registration fee you calculated in question 2.3.b.  Display the discount in the pnlDiscount, and the final amount in the panel pnlFinal.  (5)             2.5) Complete the btnSlipClick procedure for the Slip button. This procedure gathers all the information from the form to produce a nicely formatted slip in the TRichEdit redDisplay. Start of by clearing the TRichEdit. The first line must contain the name and the random number from the lblRandomNo label in brackets. The second line contains the words : 'Registration fee' and the amount of 250. The third line has the words 'Number of T-Shirts' and quantity from the TSpinEdit speQty. The forth line contains the word 'Discount' and the discount amount from the panel pnlDiscount. The final line contains words 'Final Amount' and the final amount from the panel pnlFinal. Ensure that the numbers are neatly in a column and rows 2-5 are slightly indented.   Right click on the button below to see an example of the output for all the buttons in a new tab.      (14)     Note that programming style is important - variable names and indentation matter! (2)               TOTAL FOR QUESTION2 (56)     TOTAL FOR THE TEST [100]
A researcher recently decided to do a content analysis of violence on TV. To create her sample, she first picked the TV outlet (major networks - NBC, Fox, etc.), she then selected a workable amount of content (five weeks of shows). Next, she sampled every third program and coded every relevant scene in the show. Which type of sampling strategy is being used here?
A star or galaxy can be located "in" a constellation other than the twelve zodiac constellations.
Dialysis tubing shown here is permeable to water but not sucrose. Using the proper scientific term, describe the tonicity of the solution in the TUBING compared to the beaker.
2.2.4   Give the temperature range that would be most dangerous to leave these foods in.   (1)
1.   FORMAL LETTER You are applying for a bursary. One of the conditions of this application is to provide a motivation letter explaining/motivating why you are a suitable candidate to receive the bursary and what you want to achieve in the future. The letter must be addressed to: Mr Nxumalo, Bursary Department, Standard Bank, Private Bag X1, Randburg, 8017.   Write a formal letter to the bursar where you not only motivate your application, but also include your academic history, your personal qualities and your proposed career path.   [25]                   2.   CV AND COVERING LETTER Eliza Doolittle is responding to an advertisement for a teacher's assistant to a well-known language professor, Professor Reginald Hooper.  The successful applicant should be compassionate, hard-working and have experience working a phonograph. They should also be able to deal with his clients and manage his appointments. Professor Hooper's address is: The English Improvement Academy, 24 Mayflower Street, London. Create a CV and covering letter for Eliza.   [25]                   3.   MAGAZINE ARTICLE The tourism industry in South Africa has suffered immensely due to the Covid pandemic. Borders have been closed and many flights cancelled.  Write a magazine article for an international travel magazine in which you highlight the reasons that South Africa would be a great destination, post-pandemic, for young travellers.    [25]                   4.   REVIEW International Book Day took place on the 23rd of April 2021. As an avid blog writer, you have decided to write a book review on a book that you have recently read and will publish it in recognition of this day that celebrates books.   Write a book review that will be published on your personal blog.   [25]                   5.   OBITUARY A prominent member of your local community has passed away after a short illness. This person was well-known for the community outreach work that they selflessly undertook.   Write an obituary celebrating their life and legacy.   [25]                   6.   WRITTEN INTERVIEW/DIALOGUE Imagine the following scenario: You are a writer for the esteemed Foodie magazine and you have been invited to interview the South African Michelin Star Chef, Jan Hendrik. The topic of your interview will centre around the following topic:"What is the most bizarre thing that you have ever eaten?" Write down the interview/dialogue that ensues between the two of you.   [25]
Some members of the tyrosine kinase family will phosphorylate serine residues.
Directions: Select the correct rhetorical appeal to identify which rhetorical device best represents each phrase.  Phrase: "Where would we be without this tradition? Ever since our forefathers landed on Plymouth Rock, we've celebrated Thanksgiving without fail.  Making more than just recipes; we've made memories."
The core of vascular tissue within the ovary is contained within the:
A researcher predicts that chemical X will make plants grow taller and designs an experiment to test the prediction. This prediction can be classified as a(n) ____________________.
Write your entire answer to this question in Part D3 of your worksheet that you will submit separately.  (a) Using 3D drawings, show how electrons move between 4 vinyl chloride monomers to form one isotactic polyvinylchloride chain. Assume that 1 electron is provided by the initiator species and one electron from a hydrogen atom is provided by the solvent.  (b) Circle all the new covalent bonds in the polymer chain product. (c) Write the chemical notation for your isotactic polyvinylchloride chain from (a) that includes the repeat unit.
Which image would the nurse correctly identify as scoliosis?
The largest differences between the COSO Integrated Control (IC) framework and the COSO Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework is
The HIM technician is entering the newborn's APGAR scores, the weight of the newborn, request for social security number, name of parents, and other health and demographic information.  What system is being used?
