According to the course material social roles can be classified as ascribed or achieved.
In an EPSP (excitatory postsynaptic potential), there is a
Problems                   Prepare the problems below using Excel. Upload the workbook using the link.             1. (20 points) Norr and Caylor established a partnership on January 1, 2020. Norr invested cash of $117,000 and Caylor invested $36,000 in cash and equipment with a book value of $35,000 and fair value of $58,000. For both partners, the beginning capital balance was to equal the initial investment. Norr and Caylor agreed to the following procedure for sharing profits and losses:          * 9% interest on the yearly beginning capital balance;       * $35 per hour of work that can be billed to the partnership's clients;       * the remainder allocated on a 3:7 ratio.   The Articles of Partnership specified that each partner should withdraw no more than $1,200 per month, which is accounted for as a direct reduction of that partner's capital balance.For 2020, the partnership's income was $102,300.Norr had 1,000 billable hours, and Caylor worked 1,600 billable hours. In 2021, the partnership's income was $24,600, and Norr and Caylor worked 900 and 1,400 billable hours respectively. Each partner withdrew $1,200 per month throughout 2020 and 2021.                  Required:   a. Determine the amount of net income allocated to each partner for 2020 and 2021.   b. Determine the balance in both capital accounts at the end of 2020 and at the end of 2021.   Show all calculations and label all amounts. Do not round. Display dollar amounts to the nearest whole dollar.             2. (25 points) The ABCD Partnership had the following account balances at January 1, 2020, prior to the admission of a new partner, Eden.     Cash and current assets  $34,000        Land                   266,000        Building and equipment                    116,000        Liabilities                      53,000        Adams, capital                      22,000        Barnes, capital                      55,000        Cordas, capital                    116,000        Davis, capital                    170,000                 Eden contributed $127,000 in cash to the existing partners directly to receive a 25% interest in the partnership. The goodwill method was used. The four original partners shared all profits and losses equally.                Required:   a. Record the journal entry or entries to admit Eden to the partnership.   b. Determine the capital balance of each partner after Eden's admission.    Show all calculations and label all amounts. Do not round. Display dollar amounts to the nearest whole dollar.              3. (40 points) Dancey, Reese, Newman, and Jahn were partners who shared profits and losses on a 2:3:2:3 basis, respectively. They were beginning to liquidate their business. At the start of the process, account balances were as follows:      Cash  $48,000        Inventory                      48,000        Other assets                    107,000        Liabilities                       11,000        Dancey, capital                      85,000        Reese, capital                      29,000        Newman, capital                      58,000        Jahn, capital                      20,000                 Required:         a. Prepare a predistribution plan. Show all calculations and label all amounts. Do not round. Display dollar amounts to the nearest whole dollar.    b. Prepare journal entries assuming the following events occurred:    * Liquidation expenses of  $11,000 were paid to attorneys and accountants.    * Inventory was sold for $37,000.    * A safe cash payment was made to the partners; no further liquidation expenses were anticipated. Assume each partner is personally insolvent.       * Other assets were sold for $90,000.    * Liabilities were paid in full.     * A final cash distribution was made.
For most analytical patterns we study, Tableau has an almost instant chart. This feature is never useful and always has many downsides...
17.1 Chem 9.1, 2; CLA1 What does hazard control do?
Before administration of captopril (Capoten) to a client with chronic kidney disease (CKD), the nurse will check the client's:
Signal detection theory predicts that a person's ability to detect weak signals is partly dependent on the person's:
The location of _________ is the cytoplasm for both prokaryotes and eukaryotes.
When studying for an examination about benzodiazepines, the student demonstrates understanding of this group of drugs by identifying which of the following as the mechanism of action?
The yellow arrow is pointing to the structure known as the
__________ below normal drop in pCO2.
Why is the (GDPR) called the most important change in data and data privacy regulation in 20 years?
Interpret the following ABG on room air. pH - 7.45 PaCO2 - 50 PaO2 - 89 HCO3 - 32
Which type of MDS demonstrates a mild decreased white blood cell (WBC) count (3.9 x 10/L), increased erythropoiesis and normal numbers of blast cells in the marrow, and
Explain what is meant by objective mens rea and subjective mens rea.
Examine the image. How would you record the results of the second tube from the left? Description of second tube from the left: red slant, yellow butt, no agar breakage, black precipitate present.
Answer ONE of the following. Suggested time: 1 hour, 45 minutes. Make sure to label your answer to match the corresponding question using number and letter (III-A, III-B, III-C or III-D). III-A. Classes on zoom. Extended family holiday celebrations on zoom.  Meetings on zoom. Happy hour on zoom. Study group on zoom. Graduation on zoom. People are zoomed out--especially graduate students.  Professors worry about the effects of zoom overload, decreasing students' ability to absorb the complexity of the material they are teaching... or perhaps even stay awake till the end of class. (To be honest, professors are also finding that they are not at their most scintillating in this new medium and they watch their course evaluations tank.) Alarmed by this phenomenon, President Bailey turns to TC's Institute for Psychological Science and Practice (IPSP) which assembles crack team of psychologists to address the problem.  The professors meet (over zoom) to consider strategies to counter zoom fatigue and come up with three: physical exercise, listening to music, clips from a YouTube comedy channel. They then recruit 400 volunteer masters and doctoral students to participate in their experiment.  Before beginning, the participants fill out the MAT (mental agility test), a simple 10-item measure of accuracy and speed in cognitive processing. The participants also fill out a demographic sheet with their age, gender, degree program (doctoral, masters) degree area, and years in program. The research team then divides the participants into 8 groups of 50: 2 exercise groups, 2 music groups, 2 YouTube Groups and 2 control groups.  All participants will be following an asynchronous four-hour zoom lecture about a neutral topic (techniques used to harvest wheat across the ages). One of each type of group (i.e., exercise group, music group, YouTube group, and control group) is told to take a 20-minute break after 2 hours, perform its assigned activity, then finish the lecture.  The other set of groups is told to take a 10-minute break after every1 hour, perform its assigned activity, and then resume the zoom lecture. As each participant finishes, they complete an exam based on the lecture (on Canvas).  After the lecture, each participant fills out the MAT a second time. Discuss:  potential predictor and criterion variables, the experimental design or designs that the IPSP consultants might employ and the statistics they could use. Are there aspects of this study that are: within subjects? between subjects?  State at least three hypotheses that this study could test and what statistical results would provide confirmation for each. Suggest one potential moderator or mediator.   III-B.  Most students take notes during lecture and study their notes for exams. You are interested in investigating the independent effects of taking notes versus taking and studying/reviewing notes on test performance. You would also like to know if their effects (taking notes vs taking and studying notes) on test performance changes with age. You have been given permission by a large, local school district to study this issue with their 5th, 8th, and 12th grades. Design a study to address your questions. In your answer, please address the following:  What design would you use? Why? Define what is meant by a between-subjects variable and a within-subjects variable. Identify your independent and dependent variables and label them as between- or within- subjects. What subject matter content will you use, and why? What are your hypotheses? Describe the setting and the participants. Operationalize your independent and dependent variables. What would your results look like, both graphically and in words?    III-C. You wish to investigate if a specific educational intervention can make middle school students more resilient and persistent in the face of failure.  You intend to test this idea using a study in which teams of middle-school students try to design a successful pizza takeout business.  Students design the pizza menu (by choosing five pizzas to offer from a set of 25), set prices, and make advertising decisions (with a limited budget).  They then get feedback on the success of their business.  They try this for six sessions, on successive days.  The simulation is designed so that students will fail the first four times they try - this can be arranged because which pizzas and which advertising methods succeed can be arbitrarily set. Complete the design of this study, specifying what will happen on the last two sessions, if more than one condition will be used, etc.  How will attitude and persistence in the face of failure be measured? How will your intervention be tested?  How many subjects will be needed?  What types of statistical analysis will you need to perform to analyze the results?   III-D. You are interested in examining the influence of the messages that leaders convey about their mindsets regarding the fixedness or malleability of intelligence on employee motivation and performance.  Fixed mindset beliefs are characterized by the idea that intelligence is static and can't be changed.  Growth mindset beliefs are characterized by the idea that intelligence is malleable and can be developed.  You have a hunch that there are certain situations where having a leader who conveys a growth mindset will lead to higher motivation and performance than having a leader who conveys a fixed mindset and there are other situations where leader mindset will have less of an influence on motivation and performance.  Design an experiment to explore these issues.  Please answer the following questions in your write up.  What experimental design would you use? Why?  Identify your independent variable, dependent variable, moderator variable, and mediator variable. What are your hypotheses? Describe the setting and the participants. Operationalize your independent, dependent, moderator, and mediator variables. What would your results look like (both graphically and in words) if you were successful in identifying a moderator variable? What statistical procedures would you use to establish the significance of this finding? What would your results look like (both graphically and in words) if you were successful in identifying a mediator variable? What statistical procedure would you use to establish the significance of this finding?
A company reports the following information for the year:              Net credit sales $ 120,000   Average accounts receivable   19,000   Cash collections on credit sales   101,000         What is the company's receivables turnover ratio? (Round your answer to 1 decimal place.)
The patient is admitted to the hospital for treatment of pneumonia. Which nursing assessment finding best indicates that the patient is responding to antibiotics?
If the victim of a toxicologic emergency vomits, an EMT should _________.
