When a nurse educates a patient about his medications, the patient tells the nurse that he should go back to nursing school because he does not know very much about medications. The style of communication that the patient is demonstrating is:
Which nursing information is appropriate when teaching a client about breast self-examination? Select all that apply.
Which of the following types of neurons carries impulses away from the CNS?
Suppose that you were interested in conducting an experiment to examine the effect of social media use on teenagers' social skills.  What is your dependent variable?
The labeled joint belongs to which functional classification of joints?
The numerous eukaryotic short hair-like projections that move things across the surface of cells are
Which bacteria is responsible for Lyme disease?
After the nurse teaches a client with chronic stable angina about how to use the prescribed nitrates, which statement by the client indicates that the teaching has been effective?
To save money and increase the efficiency of the housekeeping department, a continuous-improvement team at the ABC Hotel decided to offer guests the water-saving and energy-saving option of reusing their bed sheets and towels during their second night's stay. Because a large number of guests choose this "environment-friendly" option, the hotel is able to significantly increase the productivity of room attendants, dramatically decrease the volume of linens and towels processed by the on-premises laundry, and substantially decrease energy and water costs. This example illustrates the concept of:
DNA determines the proteins of the whole individual
The metaphysis of a long bone refers to
5. The nurse is assessing orientation in a 79-year-old patient. Which of these responses would lead the nurse to conclude that this patient is oriented?
Solve the inequality. > 0
If 300 mCi of I 131 sodium iodide are needed on July 28, how many Ci must be shipped on July 14? Please be sure to put your answer in Curies!!
When Carter, Inc. sells 33,000 units, its total variable cost is $125,400. What is its total variable cost when it sells 35,300 units?
When the Reformation era met the Renaissance era, theology, politics, and society eventually changed. Which of those cultural concepts (theology, politics, and society) is linked correctly with the changes?
Belinda is a 72-year-old Caucasian female referred to inpatient Rehab OT services with a diagnosis of left hip fracture caused by a fall while attempting to get out of the shower. Belinda is currently on WBAT with total hip precautions. She has a secondary diagnosis of hypertension and mild dementia. Belinda has Medicare insurance. She lives alone in a studio apartment, in a senior complex. She is a widow and a retired accountant, with no children, or immediate family. Belinda is very active in the activities offered at her apartment complex, especially the trips to the casino. She volunteers twice a month to serve meals at a homeless shelter. She does not drive; therefore, she depends on public transportation to go places. A home health aide visits Belinda three days a week for 4 hours to assist with housework and medical appointments. Belinda is afraid that she will be placed in a skilled nursing facility (SNF) and will not be able to live in her apartment anymore. She was referred to inpatient OT services to receive treatment for 2 weeks.   OT Evaluation Results:   *Belinda's goal: "be normal again" and to remain in her own apartment.   * Client to manage safely with community health support services.   * Cognition - mild impairment in STM; oriented to person, place, situation; minimal difficulty remembering time and dates   * Activity Tolerance - 3/5   * Sensory - intact.   * Ambulation - able to walk steadily for 30 feet with a walker and SBA   * Transfers - min to moderate assistance for household, toilet, and shower transfers; fearful to fall during shower transfers   * Bathing and dressing - independent with upper body; MIN to MOD assistance for lower body and peri-care   * Home management - MAX assistance at this time   What treatment outcomes would be BEST to address if Belinda's personal goals were to be considered?
A clinic nurse is caring for a client with a recent diagnosis of Myasthenia Gravis. The client has begun treatment with pyridostigmine bromide. What change in status would most clearly suggest a therapeutic benefit?
One of the main weaknesses of the Articles of Confederation was that:
The nurse provided education for a client who is diagnosed with hepatitis. Which client statement indicates a need for additional teaching?
