Examine the statement and decide if it describes mitosis, meiosis, both or neither.  Then choose the correct answer. Homologous pairs of chromosomes line up next to each other and split.
It is true that texture in large areas of soil can be modified easily.
Enzymes ___________ the energy of activation of a specific chemical reaction.
Which of the following suture patterns is good for closing hollow organs?
You own 90 shares of a stock. They declare a 5 for 2 split.  How many shares do you have after the Split? Round to 2 places to the right of decimal. Number only, no words
Assume you have a method named randInt that returns a random integer, you can just call it in your code without any class name. Write a Java program that will run two separate threads which will each get 50 random integers and put them in the same ArrayList, so that when both threads are run there will be 100 random integers in the ArrayList. Make sure the threads synchronize properly so that no conflicts arise while they are adding to the ArrayList. Enter your code directly in the textbox, you are not allowed to use an IDE or editor for this. Use a monospace font if possible and use spaces for correct indentation. Use Java comments (//) to indicate when you are starting a new class and to explain anything else about your code.
Essay questions: 10 pts each, answers should consist of at least 6 well developed sentences with 10 specific points of relevant information (terms, ideas, explanations, examples, important individuals, etc).  Choose two of the following essay prompt questions and provide responses as directed above.  1. Explain why the Gothic Cathedral has been described as the perfect synthesis of intellect, spirituality, and engineering. Cites examples of specific Cathedrals and explain what aspects exemplify Gothic characteristics. 2. Explain the difference between Petrarchan (Italian) and Shakespearean (English) lyric poetry. Provide an example of each type. 3. Describe the three types of theatre arrangements, what are the characteristics of each, when were each in use, and what is each arrangements use of aesthetic distance. 4. Compare ballet to ritual dance. What are the basic differences? Are there any similarities?
Match the following types of non-chord tones to their definitions.
The movement of water across a membrane in response to differences in solute concentrations
A risk factor for otitis media includes which of the following?
List any two mechanisms, by which material can be removed by the impact of abrasives.
The figure shows the pattern of an agarose gel electrophoresis after the DNA from a crime scene was isolated and cut with AccI restriction enzyme. Two individuals have been identified as suspects.    The DNA of which individual(s) was/were found at the crime scene?
In regards to the practice of veterinary medicine, which governing body defines a veterinary client patient relationship (VCPR)?
The processes by which proteins are continuously broken down and re-synthesized are collectively known as _____.
In general, what is a teratogen (that is, provide a definition, not an example)?
To sound confident when you speak, avoid
Identical heat lamps are arranged to shine on two identical containers, one containing water and one methanol (wood alcohol), so that each liquid absorbs the same amount of energy minute by minute. The covalent bonds of methanol molecules are nonpolar, so there are no hydrogen bonds among methanol molecules. Which of the following graphs correctly describes what will happen to the temperature of the water and the methanol?
A law that prevents Texans from losing their homes in the event of bankruptcy or other financial problems is referred to as
Basic emotions include all EXCEPT which of the following?
Describe the development of labor unions, particularly in the late 19th century. Be sure to discuss major reasons for the rise of the labor union movement (i.e., goals of the laborers), problems involved in establishing labor unions, one example of a labor union that were created and what each was about in terms of issues supported, and be sure to discuss collective bargaining. Your answer should be at least 6 well developed sentences. This question is worth ten points.
