Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.     His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together.   The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions.   For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse. This figure is associated with the text above and to answers to questions below.    The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle.    Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life.      Action potentials must propagate down what structure of a neuron to reach the appropriate ion channels?
35. It's a good thing I'm a bit of an athlete.
You should keep a caller on hold--no matter how long--instead of offering to call the customer back within a certain time frame.
A company receives a 10%, 120-day note for $1,500. The total interest due on the maturity date is: (Use 360 days a year.)
Which of these was an idea that Darwin's theory challenged?
Thymus gland.
The mineral present in the body in the greatest concentration is
Mendel's law of segregation states which of the following?
For questions 22-25, match the following with correct answers: Limbic System
Identify the encircled structure.
How much of a patient's medical bills has been applied to the annual deductible is shown on the:
The so-called "Zimmermann telegram"
Professor Urquhart researched all of the following companies on Yahoo Finance except
What is the fundamental issue of the study of economics?
A nurse develops the following PICOT question: Do patients who listen to music achieve better control of their anxiety and pain after surgery when compared with patients who receive standard nursing care following surgery? Which information will the nurse use as the "I"?
Apocrine gland secretions are normally odorless, and may be milky or yellowish in color.
Which system control can the sonographer adjust to compensate for sound attenuation with increasing depth?
Convert the following ordinary decimal numbers to scientific notation. Note - you will not be able to enter superscripts so use brackets for the exponent. For example, 1.3 x 103 would be entered as 1.3 x 10^3.   1,346.41                [joe5]   429,209                  [joe6]   0.000002056       [joe7]   0.00488                 [joe8]
The output of the Java code:  int alpha = 5;int beta = 4;switch (beta){case 2:     alpha = alpha + 2;case 4:     alpha = alpha + 4;    break;case 6:     alpha = alpha + 6;default:      alpha = alpha + 10;}System.out.print(alpha); is: 9
__________are applications of statistical techniques and models that seek to improve retail decisions through analyses of customer data.
