Required Answer of All Class Members Please answer your questions with details within the 70 minute time allotted, not just generalities that do not demonstrate what you have learned. The answer is your story of what you have learned and able to express. There is no single correct answer. As a result of the Florida Office of Financial Regulation (OFR) visit to our final class session last Wednesday morning, April 14, 2021, Mr. Jorge Diago calls you to come to their office for a job interview. He was impressed with your questions and class participation, and he and his colleagues wish to consider you for a Bank Examiner position at their State government agency. Also, Mr. Sheldon Cohn and Nereysi De Los Santos, who also made presentations to the class, will meet with Messrs. Raymond Doval and Curtis Galera. They will make the hiring decision.   As you know, The Office of Financial Regulations examines Florida chartered domestic banks and international banks that are actively operating in domestic (local) and global markets throughout many countries, including the United States. Although most of the banks' depositors and borrowers are domestic, many reside in Spain, Latin America, and other European countries. During the interview, you disclose that you have completed a banking certificate and graduated with a BBA in finance from Florida International University. Your answers to interviewers' questions will determine how up-to-date you are with the bank and financial services topics. They would like to know what you learned from (1) the class lectures, (2) the textbook chapters covered, (3) the weekly readings, (4) The research paper, (5) the ethical analysis, and (6) the videos watched in class and as homework, (6) as well as your overall evaluation of the current banking scenario as a result of the COVID 19 pandemic. Messrs. Doval and Galera know that you were present during Mr. Diago's class presentation. They also want to understand what you learned from Messrs. Diago and Cohn and Ms. De Los Santos when they explained how the OFR examines Florida Chartered Domestic Banks, and International Bank Representative Offices, Administrative Offices, Agencies, and Branches.  Then, they ask you to tell them:   What have you learned from this course? and  How do you expect to apply the knowledge acquired in the prospective job?   Topics to consider in your discussion:  What did you learn in this course that will not only help you be a future successful senior bank examiner/analyst?  Explain how the course has helped you become savvier in dealing with financial institutions as a customer or future bank executive? Both Messrs. Galera and Doval eagerly want to listen to what you know about the current banking scenario compared to many bank failures during the 2007-2011 Great Recession. Define and explain the principal risks that every bank in the world faces on a daily basis, and as a result of these risks, what the duties and responsibilities of a Bank Director and Management are, and therefore, How can a bank (1) identify (2) measure and (3) control risks? Why is compliance so critical that it gives many headaches and sleepless nights to bank executives and directors? What have you learned about combating fraud, money laundering, terrorist financing, and corruption? Discuss the current issues with bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies and marijuana banking Include a brief discussion of how banks can increase interest and non-interest income and reduce interest and non-interest expenses while increasing retained earnings and stockholders' equity while maintaining sound asset-liability management. What bank and non-bank products should a bank offer to its customers to increase non-interest income? Discuss the Basle I, II & III, Agreements and the effect of the Dodd-Frank 2010 Legislation. What impact the above laws and regulations will have on banking organizations and operations in the future? Explain what are CAMELS, ROCA, and SOSA ratings that banks receive from regulatory agencies and explain  Why are reputational and cultural risks crucial to the bank, the banker, and its customer? Discuss banking and financial products that banks can offer customers, licensing requirements, and notices that have to be given to customers for financial products.  Explain the risks of dis-inter-mediation and de-risking Why is lending so important to all banks, and what should be written in a loan policy?  Why is cost control so necessary in banking? Would you recommend the bank open additional or close brick and mortar offices and open virtual branches instead? Why yes or no? Explain what you learned from watching the recently released videos and presentation from the Florida Regulators' class visit. What did you learn from your ethical analysis, Florida bank comparison analysis, and evaluation, and what are these concepts: "Too Big to Fail" and 'Too Small to Succeed." The regulators lastly want to know the importance of bank capital, and lending standards, and complying with all bank federal and state laws and regulations to maintain a safe and sound bank and a robust banking system.
White blood cells engulf bacteria through what process?
On April 1 Everjoy Company purchased $30,000 of Miller Corporation's 8% bonds at a purchase price of 105. Everjoy Company, whose year-end is December 31, expects to hold the bonds until their maturity date 5 years from the date of purchase. Interest on the bonds will be paid every April 1 and October 1 until maturity. What is the carrying value of the bond (amortized cost) after the first interest payment on October 1st, assuming the market rate of interest on the date of purchase was 6%?
When the house is quiet, Lucy's grandmother can knit for hours. She uses ____ attention to keep up counting and changing stitches.
According to class discussions and Davis in her chapter on The Prosecution of Black Men, statistical evidence reveals that decision making by offices headed by black prosecutors result in significantly less racial disparities in the criminal justice system.
Which U.S. President raised the level of involvement in Vietnam to a position where backing out became impossible without appearing to damage American prestige?
Wireless computer networks are getting increasingly heavy use; because new computers come equipped with chips that support service.
In order to verify that the period of a pendulum is independent of angle, you should measure the period for two different angles while keeping ____________ of the pendulum constant.
List 4 agencies that regulate food in the United States
The term that applies to the largest size of a pin or a post, but the smaller size of a hole or a slot, is ____.
Which of the following was not among the great early Flemish painters?
A company issues bonds with a $100,000 par value, an 8% annual contract rate, semiannual interest payments, and a five year life.  The bonds sold for $107,850.  The entry to record the issuance of the bonds will include:
The above map depicts;
A function of the small intestine is enzymatic break down of food.
Technologically speaking, all antibodies are immunoglobulins, but not all immunoglobulins are antibodies.
Encephalosclerosis is defined as
In the lab, you mix two solutions (each originally at the same temperature) and the temperature of the resulting solution decreases. Which of the following is true?
Emojis should not be used in work emails.
"I'll never change my mind on this: air conditioners are useless, even in the tropics" is
The heart consists of three basic layers of tissue. In middle layer is the thickest. It is called the
