If the total amount of solar energy captured by plants in an ecosystem is 10,000 kilocalories, how much of this energy will be available to the next trophic level?
What term describes a one-word name with no embedded spaces that references a variable in a program?
True or false: The pollen grains of gymnosperms have air sacs that look like wings and aid in wind dispersal.
BONUS (4 points) Choose the major product(s) resulting from the reactions below. List the products of each intermediate step in the pathway (describe if you cannot name it) and any details about the reaction (name or regio/stereoselectivity if those are important). Write as much as you know - there is partial credit for this question.      Hint: there is no band at 3400 cm-1 in the IR spectrum of the final product and only 5 signals in the 1H NMR.
By 1966, Black leaders like Stokely Carmichael and H. Rap Brown were proponents of what they termed:
Which of the following is the correct sequence of structures for a mitochondrion, from outside to inside?a. Cristaeb. Outer membranec. Intermembrane spaced. Matrix
Which cranial nerves are responsible for controlling eye movement?
The American Heart Association recommends limiting added sugars to ________ kcalories per day for women and ________ kcalories per day for men.
Match the enzyme with its correct function
The most common crops in the U.S. are
Which is commonly fractured in strangulation cases?
The ERISA definition of a pension plan includes all qualified pension, profit sharing, stock bonus, and similar qualified plans, but it does not include nonqualified deferred compensation plans.
What will happen if a small amount of sodium hydroxide is added to a 0.1 M solution of ammonia?
What is the purpose of adding salt to mannitol salt agar?
Question Two---- 60 Minutes    Duncan Debtor is a successful plumber.  He operates his plumbing business in his own name, not as a corporation or LLC, and operates out of an office in his house.  The office is used only for his plumbing business, not for personal use.   Duncan purchased a computer and a fancy four-in-one printer for his office.  He made the purchase at Big National Retailer.  BNR was running a "buy now, pay later" promotion, so he took the equipment home without paying any cash.  He did, however, sign a credit agreement agreeing to pay in six months and granting BNR a security interest in the items he purchased.  The items were identified by description and serial number.  BNR did not file a financing statement covering the computer and printer.   A few months later, Duncan purchased an antique pool table from his neighbor Ada.  Duncan paid half the purchase price and signed a promise to pay the balance of the purchase price in six months.  Duncan also signed an agreement stating that Ada had the right to repossess the pool table if Duncan failed to pay within 30 days of the due date.  Ada did not file a financing statement.     After Duncan had his pool table for a while, he realized that what he really needed was a game room.  He therefore borrowed $20,000 from his local bank (Local Bank) and used the money to purchase a giant TV, comfortable chairs, a table-tennis table, a foosball table,[1] and a fancy poker table.   He granted Local Bank a security interest in "game room furniture", which was also listed by description (including the pool table).  Local Bank filed a financing statement describing the collateral as "miscellaneous consumer goods".     After all these events took place, Duncan negligently installed a water heater in a client's home, causing significant damage.  The homeowner (Elsie) sued Duncan and miraculously obtained a judgment in a few months.  Elsie is now a lien creditor and wants to collect on any of Duncan's assets that are available.    A.  (15 minutes)  Can Elsie collect against the printer, the pool table, and the other furniture?  (Caution: that is three questions, not one question.)   B.  (10 minutes)  If Duncan enters bankruptcy, who, as between Ada and Local Bank, will have the prior claim to the pool table?  (Do not address bankruptcy issues.)   Meanwhile, Foreign Bank, whom Duncan had never heard of, sent Duncan a letter stating that it had the right to repossess the pool table and that it would be coming to collect the table the following week.  It turns out that Ada had granted Foreign Bank a security interest in the pool table (among other things) about a year before she sold it to Duncan.  Foreign Bank perfected its security interest by filing properly.  Ada is now in default and Foreign Bank has the right to possess the pool table.     C.  (10 minutes) Assuming that Foreign Bank filed properly, is its security interest good against Duncan?  Why or why not?   D.  (5 minutes) When Ada sold the pool table to Duncan, what effect did that have on Foreign Bank's financing statement (which was filed against Ada).     E.  (10 minutes) Assuming for this question only that Duncan is bound by Foreign Bank's security interest, does Foreign Bank have the right to seize the pool table from Duncan's house?      END OF PART ONE.  Submit your answer, take a break if necessary, and go on to Part Two.  Don't forget to complete Part Two.   [1] If you don't know what this is, you are lucky.  It is a game table.
Multiply.       (x - 3 )( 2x2 + x - 1 )
A heritable characteristics such as blue or brown eyes is known as a _______________
CPI calculations ignore online purchases and purchases from big box stores. Which of the following CPI biases does this cause?
Q9.  Determine the slope and the  of the line.6x + 5y = -4
The sense organs' detection of external physical stimuli is called ________, whereas further processing, organizing, and interpreting of those stimuli in the brain is called ________.
