Provide an appropriate response.Find the standardized test statistic t for a sample with n = 20,  = 6.3, s = 2.0, and  if  Round your answer to three decimal places.
Eighty college students were asked to rate two scientists, one male and one female, on their knowledge about their topic areas. Each student was given two passages to read: one passage was about the numerous bio-domes in the world ("Biology") and another passage was about enhancing the education of elementary school children ("Education").Half of the students were told that the Biology passage was written by a female and the Education passage was written by a male. The other half of students were told the Biology passage was written by a male and the Education passage was written by a female. Then students rated the scientist's knowledge on their topic areas on a scale ranging from 1 ("Does not display a professional level of knowledge") to 100 ("Displays a thorough knowledge of the topic").A two-factor ANOVA was conducted, and the mean ratings are listed below for each scientist gender and topic area condition. Assume that any effects (or mean differences) you measure are statistically significant.          Scientist Gender   Female Male   Topic Area Biology 35 65   Education 65 75     a) State whether the results show main effects and/or an interaction.  b) Significant or not, clearly describe each of these effects and the interaction in Plain English.
Identify the type of body membrane shown here?
An enterprise data model would be composed of:
Alex is down bad. He recently invested $10,000 in cat coin, but cat coin's value keeps dropping to the point where his $10,000 investment is worth $7,500. Despite recommendations from investment shows and websites, as well as his friend who is a financial advisor, Alex refuses to sell in the case that cat coin goes up in value. His investment value drops to $6,000. Alex still refuses. Now, his investment value drops to $2,000 and Alex still refuses to sell, even though it is clear that the value of cat coin will never improve.   What bias is best exhibited in Alex's actions to not sell his cat coins?
Which of the following is an actual claim made by modern-day Social Darwinists, such as Arthur Jensen, Charles Murray, or Richard Herrnstein?
Write at least 100 words and answer the following questions in paragraph form.  Several times throughout the story Paul attempts to go along with Annie's madness. What is the purpose of him doing that? Why does Paul attempt to convince Annie he is on her side? What actions does Paul take? Does Annie fall for it? Explain. When Annie seems to go along with Paul, is she doing so to lull him into a false sense of security? Or, does she truly believe Paul's intentions are geared toward her happiness and well-being? Explain.
According to the "empowerment" perspective, words can have a large influence on outcomes.  T/F?
An element's most stable ion forms an ionic compound with chloring having the formula XCl2. If the ion of element X has a mass number of 89 and 36 electrons, what is the identity of atom X, and how many neutrons does it have?
A patient presents to your clinic with complaints of lateral knee pain. During your physical examination, you palpate various structures to determine if they are painful to the touch. Given that her pain is on the lateral aspect of the knee, you do NOT expect her to have pain when palpating which of the following structures? (Hint: Which structure is not located on the lateral aspect of the knee?)
Some hormones bind to membrane receptors and others bind to intracellular receptors. Hormones that bind to intracellular receptors tend to be
What is the recommended daily sodium intake for a healthy individual?
With the discovery of isotopes, which postulate of Dalton's original atomic theory must be modified?
Above number 3 is an opening in the roof called the  ____________.
Nonpublic information about a corporation possessed by corporate officers, major owners or other individuals with privileged access to information about a firm.
How many protons and electrons are there in the sulfide ion?
Market price is always the same thing as equilibrium price.
Blinn College is in Texas
Refer to the Material and MethodsParagraph in the article by Turati and Bravi (2018). What are the two groups of participants being studied in this research?
Match the definitions with the correct answers.
