Let S(n) be a statement parameterized by a positive integer n. A proof by strong induction is used to show that for any n>=12 , S(n) is true. The inductive step shows that for any k>=15 , if S(k-3) is true, then S(k+1) is true. Which fact or set of facts must be proven in the base case of the proof?
Which of the following medications will lower the serum cholesterol levels in the blood?
Determine the number of points in the sample space.
Which of the following is the proper order of tissue layer surrounding the kidneys, from superficial to deep?
Write your calculations neatly on a paper. After you are done, type in your answer on Canvas (below), and show your work (paper) on the webcam. After you complete the entire exam, take a photo of the calculation, crop, make sure it's legible, and submit it in the assignment titled Exam1 Work within 10 minutes.  If your submission do not match with the work shown on the webcam, you will receive NO credit. Determine the molecular formula of a compound that has a molar mass of 92.0  g/mol and an empirical formula of NO2.  Write the answer with normal numbers (not subscript).
3.2   Kinderarbeid was hoog in aanvraag tydens die Industriele Revolusie. Noem drie redes waarom.   (3)
Which one of the letters "cells" below correctly illustrates the alignment of chromosomes in metaphase I of meiosis?
Lee las siguientes preguntas, mira el video sobre la crianza de ninos bilingues y responde. Podras ver el video 3 veces en total.  READ THIS INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY   These are all of the 8 questions for this first part of the final exam. Please read them now so that you have an idea as to what you will need to look for in the video. After this, you will be able to view the video once and questions 1-3 will be available for you to read while the video is playing. Each question will be presented at a time and you won't be able to go back to the question or the video. Next, you will view the video a second time and each of the questions 4-6 will be presented at a time so you can answer them. Remember, you won't be able to go back. Finally, the video will play again and question 7 followed by question 8 will be ready for you to answer. At then end you will be given a space to make any adjustments or comments to your questions. You are allowed to have a piece of paper to take notes as you watch the video.  When you now read the questions, you won't be able to answer them based on your previous knowledge of life--you do need to watch the video, so do not panic if you don't know the answers to any of the questions BEFORE watching the video. That is expected.  1. ? Que mito menciona la Dra. Baralt que dice que es falso? Explicalo. (2) 2. ?Por que dice Maria Ines Moran (la mama) que ha sido un poco mas dificil con su hija de 3 anos, Miranda? (2) 3. ?Que dos razones da Maria Ines Moran (la mama) para querer que sus hijas sean bilingues? (2) 4. Segun la Dra. Baralt, ?en que son mejores los ninos bilingues comparados con los monolingues? (2) 5. ?Que es la funcion ejecutiva? (2) 6. Indica si la siguiente afirmacion es cierta o falsa (C/F): "Si su hijo(a) ya habla ingles, ya es demasiado tarde para que el o ella sea bilingue" (1) 7. ?La Dra. Baralt menciona 5 cosas que los padres pueden hacer para asegurarse de que sus hijos crezcan como personas bilingues, ?cual es la segunda cosa que ella menciona? Explicalo con tus palabras (2) 8. ?Que cree la Dra. Baralt que es posiblemente lo mas importante que un padre puede hacer? (2)
The ordering of the twelve chromatic tones in a twelve-tone composition is called a _____________.
Advertisers and the media rarely use the appeal to pathos in their messages.
Which muscle pair is needed to look straight down?  (1)
The United States invaded this country in 2001 because its government was harboring and supporting Osama Bin Laden's terrorist organization - al qaeda.
A(n) ____ is a subject who strays from the directions they were given for the study, yet they remain in the sample.
Which of the following statements about Kubler-Ross's five stages of grief is most accurate?
Which of the following cranial nerves' nuclei are associated with the medulla?
Detection of errors "in station" before they are passed to the next station is an example of a mistake proofing measure.
The flies that died the second and third time did not get the resistant gene from their parents.
Research on game reasoning (also called bracketed morality) has shown that:
D) 5
?Que dia _______________ hoy?
