QUESTION #6 (BILINGUISMO Y ESPANOL EN LOS EE.UU., DR. VERGARA) Preguntas de desarrollo Responde a una de las siguientes dos preguntas de desarrollo. Tu respuesta no debe exceder las 750 palabras. Pregunta 1 Imagina que vas a dar una charla en una prestigiosa universidad sobre los hablantes de herencia del espanol en los Estados Unidos. Escribe un ensayo detallado sobre este tema. En primer lugar, provee una definicion de hablante de herencia y explica sus caracteristicas. Explica que tipo de bilinguismo presentan estos hablantes en base a lo que discutimos en el curso y discute si estos hablantes podrian considerarse nativo hablantes del espanol o no. Despues, provee una explicacion sobre cuales son los diferentes factores (sociales o linguisticos) que determinan la competencia linguistica de estos hablantes en su lengua de herencia. Ademas, explica cuales son las causas de la perdida o simplificacion del espanol en estos hablantes. Finalmente, discute los beneficios que otorgan el bilinguismo y el desarrollo de lengua de herencia para estos hablantes (puedes usar los argumentos de Tse (2001) y Escobar y Potowski (2015)). Concluye tu ensayo con una breve reflexion sobre por que debemos promover los programas de espanol como lengua de herencia en las universidades del pais.   Pregunta 2 Escribe un breve ensayo sobre el bilinguismo y la diglosia tal y como se presenta en los articulos de Fishman (2000 et seq.). Antes de discutir estos terminos, es importante presentar una buena definicion de los conceptos de lengua, dialecto y registro. Si lo deseas, puedes incluir ejemplos ilustrativos para acompanar tus definiciones. Despues define los terminos bilinguismo y diglosia, explica cual es la relacion entre ambos, y por que estos dos conceptos son importantes en los estudios linguisticos. Finalmente, expon las cuatro situaciones que pueden resultar cuando dos lenguas estan en contacto (ej. diglosia sin bilinguismo...etc.). No olvides plantear ejemplos reales que ilustren cada situacion.
Based on the following scenario, which  consideration for inclusion for an individual with a visual impairment is being utilized? Randy accesses fitness center resources including the pool, treadmill, or a spin class when she is alone. The center made accommodations such as tactile buttons on machines with large print, high-contrast signage, printed materials in alternative formats, and having instructors for classes such as yoga provide detailed, clear descriptions of movements.
Michael Scott plans to purchase a $400,000 condo using a 30-year mortgage. The mortgage rate offered to him is 3%. He will make a down payment of 20% of the purchase price. Calculate the monthly payments on this mortgage.
The two halves of the brain are connected by a thick band of neurons called the ________________ that consists of about 200 million axons
Solve the problem.Mrs. Bollo's second grade class of thirty students conducted a pet ownership survey. Results of the survey indicate that 8 students own a cat, 15 students own a dog, and 5 students own both a cat and a dog. How many of the students surveyed own no cats?
Oliver has prosopagnosia. As a result of his condition, Oliver is most likely to
Short Answer: Give the DNA sequence would be complementary to this DNA:  5'-GAA TCC AGA TTA-3'  Remember the DNA base-pairing rules  that state that adenine (A) pairs forms hydrogen bonds with thymine (T) and guanine (G) forms hydrogen bonds  with cytosine (C).
Transcribe the following DNA sequence.     G   C   T   G   T   A   C   A   T   A   G   C   T   G   A   G   C   T   G   A   C   T   A   G   C
_________ freely juxtaposed advertising logos with Bible verses and literary quotes to promote amnesty and social justice while developing an iconoclastic approach to her spirituality and artistic practice.
Canaliculi in compact bone contain blood vessels and nerve cells.
Choose the correct answers to complete the sentences. After summer is over, Clint will start school again. I can't believe that he (1) [verb1] in second grade already! I want to start working from home when Clint (2) [verb2] school this year. (3) [clause3] he does, I (4) [verb4] more time than I have now. Right now, he's home all the time, and he needs attention. I think I'll only work part-time so that I'll finish working before Clint comes home from school. I'll need a faster computer, but I won't buy one (5) [clause5] I find one on sale.
In terms of axial tilt, which of the jovians shows us the largest inclination?
Dehydration could have what effect on cardiac function? Select all that are CORRECT.
Suppose:     Relation R(A,B,C) has the following tuples:    A B C   1 2 3   4 2 3   4 5 6   2 5 3   1 2 6        And relation S(A,B,C) has the following tuples:    A B C   2 5 3   2 5 4   4 5 6   1 2 3            Compute the set difference of R - S. Which of the following tuples DOES NOT appear in the result?
The nurse observes a patient's respirations during sleep and notes the absence of respirations that last from 15 to 120 seconds.  What should the nurse consider this patient is experiencing?
A client with acute pancreatitis has been started on total parenteral nutrition (TPN). Which action should the nurse perform after administration of the TPN?
Hannah is a little girl, and she likes the color pink.  Therefore all little girls must like the color pink.
Which of the following strategies would be MOST helpful in improving memory in middle age?
When planning care for a patient hospitalized with a streptococcal infective endocarditis (IE), which intervention is most appropriate for the nurse to include?
Determine the Best Test:    TRIAL FEV1  FVC   ONE 3.5 4.5   TWO  3.4 4.5   THREE 3.4 4.7
