A 2.0 kg dog stands at one end of a 4.0 meter long boat of mass 12.0 kg, a total distance of D=8.0 meters from the shore. He then walks to the other end of the boat. Assuming no friction between the boat and the water, how far does the boat move from its original position?
Mark all that apply the Federal Reserve banks
Find the quotient of the complex numbers.  Write the answer in rectangular form.   EXACT answers (NO decimals).
Which of the following is the loss of elasticity and distention of the alveoli?
DIRECTIONS: Choose the correct answer for each question.The Race to India[A] In the 15th century, there was a race among Europeans to reach India because of the riches it offered. Indian spices1 were like gold. Because of the high demand, European traders could make a fortune2 by selling them. [B] The problem, however, was that these spices were not so easy to obtain. The journey to India was a complicated one. Traveling by horse was very slow, especially in mountainous areas. Furthermore, reaching India by land involved passing through countries that were not always friendly to Europeans. The chances of being attacked were high. [C] When the Ottoman Empire3 took over Constantinople4 in 1453, the journey to India became even more difficult. The Ottomans took control of the trade routes between Europe and Asia for their own financial benefits. This forced the Europeans to try to reach India by sea. It began what is now known as the Age of Discovery.Two Great Explorers [D] Most people know the story of Christopher Columbus. He was hired by the king of Spain to reach India by crossing the Atlantic Ocean. He did not succeed in this mission. The reason for this is because, on his way, he found America instead - a "new world" unknown to Europeans. For this achievement in the year 1492, Columbus is considered the most famous explorer of the Age of Discovery.[E] If Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama were still alive, what might he say about Columbus's fame? He might simply shake his head. After all, Vasco da Gama was the first explorer to reach India by sea. [F] Unlike Columbus, Vasco da Gama attempted to reach India by sailing around the southernmost point of Africa and into the Indian Ocean. His trip was long and full of challenges. Although he and his crew sailed from Portugal in July 1497, they did not reach India until May 1498. Despite this, he reached his objective. Europeans had a new route to India and, more importantly, its spices. For this reason, although less famous than Columbus, Vasco da Gama has also been admired for his discoveries as one of the greatest explorers in world history.  1 Spices are powders or seeds from plants which are used in cooking to give flavor to food (e.g., black pepper or cinnamon) 2 Fortune is a large amount of money or great wealth.3 The Ottoman Empire was a large empire based in Turkey, founded in the 13th century, which included large parts of Eastern Europe, Asia, and North Africa. 4 Constantinople is present-day Istanbul, the largest city in Turkey. What is the purpose of paragraph A?
Which strain of Human Papilloma Virus results in increased risk for developing cervical cancer
An individual who commits crimes during adolescence but stops by the age of 21 is considered a(n) _____.
Reasonable grounds for making a search or pressing charges is called:
A 38 year old african american male is diagnosed with stage 1 hypertension. Which of the following orders should the nurse verify with the health care provider?
Location of the Calvin cycle
The nurse is caring for a client who is a recent recipient of a kidney transplant. Which interventions should the nurse perform in the immediate postoperative period?  Select all that apply.
40.  The contractile proteins for all muscles include:
Choose the answer that is most fitting. What two things made the Navajo Code the perfect option when encoding messages during WWII?
Describe in general terms what is happening in heart failure.  In other words, what do we mean when we say the heart is "failing?"  What are some causes of heart failure?  How can it be treated pharmacologically (give at least 2 different classifications of medicines with a brief explanation of how they help the failing heart).
DNA microarrays can be used to analyze differential gene expression.  Two DNA microarrays are performed.  The first array is of heart tissue, while the second is of liver tissue.  The samples are taken from the same individual.  Will the results of the two arrays be identical?
Who decides when to administer a medication written as a PRN order?
Which sinuses are connected to the nasal passages?1.) Frontal2.) Sphenoid3.) Ethmoid4.) Maxillary
The pre-matrix produced by the immature bone cells is called the
In perfect competition, _____ are _____, and _____ are price takers.
1.4   The 'backdrop' is the area where you do all of your coding   (1)
