Pick only ONE topic to write about, label your topic as Topic 1, Topic 2,  Topic 3 or Topic 4.  Your essay must contain a minimum of ten (10) sentences. a, e, i, o, u, u, n, ?, ! TOPIC 1                                                                                                                                  Los verbos reflexivos       You are writing a short blog post about a celebrity you just heard interviewed, Julian Larrea. Your goal is to describe how his daily routine is the same and different from your own. [Choose five  reflexive verbs and two non-reflexive: levantarse, ducharse, cepillarse los dientes/el pelo, vestirse, acostarse, desayunar, salir, cantar, trabajar, regresar, mirar/ver, comer, almorzar, leer, jugar, escribir, hablar] The first sentece is done for you.                Modelo:  Yo me levanto a las seis de la manana y Julian se levanta a las siete.                      TOPIC 2  Verbs Like Gustar    You have been chosen as student of the year and are being interviewed on TV.  Begin with your name.  Proceed to develop the answers to your interview. ?Que te gusta? ?Que no te gusta? ?Por que no te gusta? ?Que te aburre? ?Que te molesta? ?Por que te molesta? ?Que te fascina? ?Que te interesa? ?Por que te interesa? ?Que te interesa?     TOPIC 3  Ir de compras    You are conducting an interview to Sofia Vergara. How would she respond to the following questions? Use the "Yo" form                                                                                                                                 ?Cuando vas de compras? ?Adonde vas de compras? ?Con quien vas de compras? ?Que tiendas, almacenes o centros comerciales prefieres? ?Prefieres comprar ropa cara o barata? ?Por que? ?Te gusta buscar gangas? ?Que ropa llevas cuando vas a trabajar? ?Que ropa llevas cuando sales a bailar? ?Que ropa llevas cuando practicas un deporte? ?Cuales son tus colores favoritos?                                  TOPIC 4 You received one million dollars and decided to build a hotel.                        Word bank    Pisicina   Habitacion   Cancha de tenis   Pesca   Tomar el sol   Gimnasio     Montar a caballo   Jugar a las cartas   Bucear   Paseo en bote   Nadar   Bailar        ?Como se llama el hotel? ?Cuando abre sus puertas el hotel? ?Cual es el numero de telefono del hotel? ?Cual es la direccion [address] electronica del hotel para pedir informacion? ?Como es el hotel? Descripcion   ?Que pueden hacer los turistas por la manana? Actividades ?Que pueden hacer los turistas por la noche? Actividades ?Cuanto cuesta una habitacion por noche? ?Recomiendas este hotel a tu familia y amigos?      a, e, i, o, u, u, n, ?, !
A four-year bond has an 8% coupon rate and a face value of $1000. If the current price of the bond is $878.31, calculate the yield to maturity of the bond (assuming annual interest payments).
Which of following is true about the cell in the diagram?
Your patient in the hospital unit begins severely vomiting. You become concerned that your patient may develop which of the following?
As a patch increases in size, the ratio of interior to edge increases.
Which of the following statements is true of Naltrexone? SELECT ALL THAT APPLY
Which of the following wildlife marking techniques is considered to be permanent/semi-permanent?
Examine the x-ray above. Which area of the x-ray has the lowest density according to the coloration of the image?
A nurse who cares for pregnant women should be aware that in regards to medications, herbals, injections, and over-the-counter- medications:
A man is troubled by his sexual attraction to other men.  He constantly fights the urge to act on his attraction.  To cope with this internal conflict, he starts a national campaign to deny basic civil rights for gay people. Which of Freud's defense mechanisms seems to be at work here?
A client with rheumatoid arthritis is receiving adalimumab.  The nurse determines that the medication is effective when:
If the gene for type III collagen is mutated and cannot be synthesized, what organ(s) may be affected.  Name 2 organs/structures and describe why these would be affected.
While assessing the skin of a patient with anemia, the nurse would observe for which manifestations?
A deficiency of which vitamin in humans can lead to a clinical syndrome called "Beriberi"?(A) Vitamin B1(B) Vitamin B2(C) Vitamin B3(D) Vitamin B4 (E) Vitamin B5
To describe the intensity, movement, and direction of things that are not solid are what types of classifiers?
The following question involves Faraday's law of electromagnetic induction. Answer the following questions concerning the problem-solving method for this situation:  4. Now find the magnitude of the induced EMF. Round to 3 decimal places again.
The biceps brachii is an example of what type of muscle
Which two parts of the promotional mix are most effective at creating action?
Which of the following techniques should a medical assistant use when passing the provider a scalpel during a sterile procedure?
Antivirals that target reverse transcriptase would be used to treat:
