The nickname for Vernon's Texas Codes Annotated is
In infants and small children the external auditory canal
INSTRUCTIONS The following is a snapshot of the background, mission, strategic vision and objectives for the IAEE's annual meeting and exposition, Expo! Expo! The event recently shifted to away from a physical to a virtual format.  Review the background, vision and objectives for the event which includes a description of the attendees and answer the questions that follow.   ORGANIZATIONAL BACKGROUND IAEE is a 501 (c) (6) not-for-profit association that represents over 12,000 individuals engaged in the worldwide exhibitions and events industry. Trusted since 1928, IAEE provides quality and value to its members through leadership, service, education and strong relationships. IAEE is the largest association of the exhibitions and events industry in the world, with a membership of show organizers, exhibitors and exhibition suppliers. The organization advocates and promotes the awareness of face-to-face exhibitions and events as the primary medium for business development and growth. IAEE provides relevant, timely and innovation education to its members and the industry. IAEE members produce an array of meetings and events ranging from board meetings to large scale exhibitions.     IAEE's MISSION IAEE globally promotes the unique value of exhibitions and events and is the principal resource for those who plan, produce and service the industry.    EXPO! EXPO! STRATEGIC VISION EXPO! EXPO! is a diverse, interactive experience that fosters an environment of thought leadership, best practices, and innovation. Expo! Expo! is the industry's foremost face-to-face network for exhibition and event industry professionals and the gateway to the decision-makers for the $101 billion (2019) exhibitions and events industry, with eighty-five percent of attendees having a role in purchasing decisions. Attendees include owners, executives, directors and managers from organizations that organize a wide variety of events, including many of the largest exhibitions in North America and from over fifty countries worldwide.   EXPO! EXPO! STRATEGY GUIDING OBJECTIVES (1) COMMUNITY - Networking opportunities and customized experiences including new technology and personalization for attendee. Create Value for IAEE Member Communities. (2) MARKETPLACE -   Design unique settings to showcase technology disruptors and attendee experiences. Establish Expo! Expo! As the leading industry market platform and learning lab for emerging and disruptive technology in promoting innovation in the industry.   Collaboration and perspective on the various ways that show organizers conduct business in different parts of the world.  Create a marketplace for global buyers/sellers. Showcase existing and new resources and products geared toward the exhibition and event organizer.  (3) CONTENT - Outside thought leadership and peer to peer learning through specially designed education, as well as an emphasis on case studies, crowdsourcing and micro learning opportunities.Develop talent across the industry. Creating Value and Operational Efficiencies.   QUESTIONS  (Please respond in essay format where each question represents a paragraph. Your response should be between 300-500 words) As the event planner for the 2020 IAEE Expo! Expo! event:  Based on the organization's background presented, what have you identified as important points to note as you consider how this event should be transitioned from a physical event to a virtual or hybrid event? Should the event be designed as an entirely virtual event or a hybrid event? Support/Justify your response. Taking note of the importance of engagement and community for this event, what are some best-practices for high-level attendee engagement that you would incorporate in the design? How would you measure the success of your engagement strategy? TIP  Use your knowledge from the CVENT Webinar. What kind of virtual event platform (2D or 3D) would you recommend for this event and why? Provide an example of a platform that would fit the objectives of the event. What are some challenges that you would expect to encounter with the technology solution proposed in Question 4 above?
Use the Geologic Timescale table provided to answer the question.  During which period and epoch did Homo erectus (600,000 ya) live?
Exhalation during normal/quiet breathing occurs because:
Rickets in adults is called osteoporosis
Which of the following statements about sister chromatids is true?
Your patient is a 22 year old baseball pitcher who is being referred to you (PT) for therapy. The patient complains of (c/o) pain during the cocking phase of the overhead pitch and pain from ball release through deceleration. What muscle do you suspect could be involved?
Other than rhinoviruses, __________________ can also cause the common cold.
An industrial nurse is conducting a class on ways to prevent back pain. What should the nurse include when teaching about lifting heavy objects? Select all that apply.
On assessment, the nurse notes that a client has burns inside the mouth and is wheezing. Several hours later, the wheezing is no longer heard. What is the nurse's next action?
With the National Center for Health Statistics criteria, which body mass index (BMI)-for-age percentiles should indicate the patient is at risk for being overweight?
What is the pH of a 0.100 M NH3 solution that has Kb = 1.8 x 10-5? The equation for the dissociation of NH3 is  NH3(aq) + H2O(l) = NH4+(aq) + OH-(aq).
The newscaster stated that the public that supports the new ordinance is somewhere between   68% and 75%    What was the newscaster's Margin of Error?
Complete the sentence with the appropriate words or phrases. Me gusta nadar en __________________.
John Donne    In "Holy Sonnet X" when Donne (the speaker) talks directly to Death throughout the poem as if Death were a person, what literary device is he using?
Find the indicated vector.Let a = , b = . Find 8a - 2b.
Two mutually exclusive projects have an initial cost of $47,500 each. Project A produces cash inflows of $25,300, $37,100, and $22,000 for Years 1 through 3, respectively. Project B produces cash inflows of $43,600, $19,800 and $10,400 for Years 1 through 3, respectively. The required rate of return is 14.7 percent for Project A and 14.9 percent for Project B. Which project(s) should be accepted and why?
In an experiment, bacteria were grown in a medium containing heavy nitrogen (15N) for several generations.  (Therefore, you may assume heavy nitrogen has replaced all normal nitrogen in the DNA.)  They were then transferred to a medium containing normal nitrogen (14N) and allowed to grow.  The DNA was extracted and studied. Given the semi-conservative mechanism for DNA replication, which of the following results would be expected after at least four DNA replications in media with normal nitrogen? (A "strand" is 1/2 of the DNA double helix.)
Select the reagents for the reaction below.
