When prioritizing the care for a client, the nurse should base care on the principle that which of the following is highest priority for the client?
!Prueba de gramatica! Directions: For the following grammar questions, please fill in the blank with the correct Spanish form of the possessive adjective in parentheses.
30) The stage of mitosis characterized by the physical separation of sister chromatids is called: A) Telophase B) Metaphase C) Prometaphase D) Anaphase
Departmental Neuromuscular Junction Quiz                        Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.    His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together. The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions. For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   This figure is associated with the related text information and to answers to questions 1 - 10 following.      For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse. The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle. Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life.   What ion channels must be opened on the post-synaptic membrane of a skeletal muscle to initiate a muscle contraction?
A patient who is in the hospital with pneumonia is having trouble breathing. Which of the following is most likely occurring to the pH of the blood.
Regarding uterus, if there is no fertilization after ovulation, the _______ will slough off during menstruation.
A(n) ________ is a protective sac of fluid associated with a synovial joint.
Which of the following is NOT one of the 'big five' personality traits?
3.0 moles of an ideal gas with a molar heat capacity at constant volume of 4.9 cal/(mol*K) and a molar heat capacity at constant pressure of 6.9 cal/(mol*K) starts at 300 K and is heated at constant pressure to 320 K, then cooled at constant volume to its original temperature. How much heat flows into the gas during this two-step process?
Figure 1.1Using Figure 1.1, match the following cavities:(Enter the correct letter)Thoracic cavity. 1.
Which of the following molecules would not readily diffuse across the phospholipid bilayer? Select all that apply.
What is the name of this tendon?
Anastasia, a young woman with schizophrenia, insists that she hears voices telling her to hide under the bed. Anastasia is displaying
From the text figure reproduced below respiration/photosynthesis removes [x1] Gt/yr atmospheric carbon
Which of the following muscles/muscle groups is capable of moving the hip joint?
What is saturated steam?
Describe in detail the structure of a mitochondrion. Your answer will be a well-organized, well-written paragraph using college-level writing skills: complete sentences, grammatically correct sentences, correct spelling, standard capitalization, and standard punctuation.
ADVANCED CONCEPTS What is the best way for you to determine a patient's need for pain medication on the second day after an abdominal laparotomy?
1. Define sterilization. Give an example of a method that can be used for sterilization. (+1 pt).  2. How is a bacteriostatic different from a bacteriocidal? (+1pt).  3. What is the difference between an antiseptic and a disinfectant? (+1pt).   4. What factors should be considered when you are choosing a disinfectant? Name 2. (+2pts) Extra credit opportunity: Give up to 3 additional factors (up to +3pts EC).
Olivia attempts to collect a blood specimen for prothrombin time on a patient that is a difficult draw. Her first attempt is not successful. On her second attempt, she obtains approximately 2.5mL of blood in a 5.0mL sodium citrate tube. Olivia knows that coagulation tubes must be completely full to be acceptable specimens. Olivia pours the blood she obtained from the 5.0mL citrate tube into a 3.0mL citrate tube creating a full tube. Question 1: Is this an appropriate course of action?   YES or NO Question 2: Is the specimen that Olivia submits to the lab for testing going to yield accurate results?    YES or NO Question 3: Explain your answers to Question 1 & 2
