Assume you have a library of classes (and methods) written in Java. What technology would you use to expose them in a web application where the client is the browser? Explain your reasoning and discuss the communication protocol(s) necessary.
Name the fault.
The first computer was created by engineers at
What is one of the ideas Post-Modernism includes?
Common cause of epilepsy in a newborn.
A linear system is governed by the given initial value problem. Find the transfer function  for the system.
A professional counselor is interested in finding a measure that expresses clients' levels of depression to use in her practice. Specifically, she wants to administer the measure over the course of the counseling at regular intervals to document the efficacy of the intervention she employs. It is important, therefore, that the measure has good test-retest reliability. As she looks through the information available on different publishers' websites, what statistic, in particular, should this counselor focus on so she can select a measure with the strongest test-retest reliability.
This is an MSA plate with organisms growing on it (marked A and B). In which section is the organism that is halotolerant AND can ferment mannitol.
The tube between the mouth and the stomach is the:
The Marshall Islands, a country in the Pacific Ocean, has an estimated population of 72,000. A Hawaii-based cruise ship, the Celebrity Solstice has a maximum capacity of 4100 passengers. To the nearest whole number (using regular rounding rules), how many ships like Celebrity Solstice would be needed to carry the entire population of the Marshall Islands?
A patient, newly diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), calls the clinic and asks the nurse to explain what the newly prescribed medications are for. What would be the most appropriate response by the nurse?
Which of the following compounds is saturated?
On your Test 3 paper show the work for the problem below in #3.  Must show work and leave your answer in logarithmic form since you do not have a calculator. Also, no complex fraction in your answer. (8 points)   The half-life of iodine is about 14 hours.  Find how long it takes a 15-gram sample to decay to 8 grams.  Write your answer in logarithmic form.
Fish detect motion in the water or waves by their
Under certain situations, internal accountants are eligible to become Dodd-Frank whistleblowers. Which of the following is not one of those situations?
There are three isomers of [Cr(H2O)2(en)2]3+ what are their full names. Isomer 1: [name1] Isomer 2: [name2] Isomer 3: [name3]
1.4   Evaluate      (1)
What is a result of a high-protein diet that exceeds a person's needs for synthesis and energy?
Answer the following questions based on the following blood gas data:    pH 7.28    PaCO2  67 mm Hg   PaO2 49 mm Hg   SaO2 76%   Hb 10.1 g/dL   CaO2 10.4 vol%   Bicarbonate 26 mEq/L   Base excess -2 mEq/L   Respiratory rate 25 beats/min   FIO2 0.70        Which of the following is true regarding the PaO2?
What is the sample name?
