Source data: source_data_vehicle_rental.zip  Schema of data:   Using the source data provided, use Tableau Prep Builder to transform the data and produce the following output:  RentalFee = daily rental rate for the category type of vehicle (RentalRate_Daily) * number of days in the rental transaction(NumberOfDays)  What  is Total RentalFee for Chevy Impala?
Select the artists who create installations or create site-specific artworks.
Mercantilism involved:
0.127756385...
What finding did the Supreme Court cite in its ruling of Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka, Kansas?
The dividend yield is measured as
The idea that all living things are composed of cells and that all cells come from other cells defines
Cricket is extremely and exceedingly popular in ____________. People in that country treat cricket as a religion.
The nurse is prioritizing care for the day.  Which client should he see first?
Match the bone marking to its description. Sharp, slender, often pointed projection.
Conjugate acid-base pairs involve the donation or acceptance of a __________ between the species.
ACME COMPANY NARRATIVE:  1.  You are a new Field Salesperson for ACME Safe Company and you are replacing Wilbur Haag who was promoted to a National Account Manager position. 2.  You've been assigned an existing sales territory with Wholesale Distributor customers who sell safes to other businesses. 3.  This is your first trip around your territory visiting with your customers and prospective customers. 4.  ACME has the #1 market share (~36% nationally but varies from market to market) of the small, less expensive (and lower margin: ~20% nationally) business safes. 5.  ACME has a strong #2 market share (~25% nationally but varies from market to market) of the larger, more expensive (and higher margin: ~55% nationally) business safes. 6.  ACME has recently introduced an expanded line of large, high margin safes with intention of growing this category's market share. 7.  Additionally, a functional pricing discount program for ACME's large, high margin safes has been recently introduced for those ACME distributors that carry both the small & large safes AND agree not to sell/stock competitive safe brands. This often results in customer gross margins for small and large safes to exceed 22% and 38%, respectively. 8.  This new pricing program includes discounts for quantity buys, minimum stock-on-hand, and annual sales mix of high margin products. ACCOUNT SITUATION:  1.  You are meeting for the first time with ACME's Birmingham wholesale distributor, Warehouse Equipment & Supply Company (WESCo) that buys and re-sells ACME small safes to businesses. 2.  WESCo has been a highly profitable ACME customer for 5 years. 3.  You are meeting with the WESCo's Manager, Arne Anderson who has been with WESCo for 6 years and has a reputation for liking the ACME brand and products and works well with our sales organization. 4.  ACME has one other distributor in the Birmingham market, Birmingham Office Products, but does not stock our small or large safes and occasionally buys our small safes as needed for their customers. 5.  ACME data indicates that the market for small, low cost safes has seen modest growth since 2017 of 8.6%. 6.  ACME customer data indicates that WESCo's purchases ($) of ACME small, low cost safes has seen a decline since 2017 of 5.2%. 7.  Although Arne is a fan of ACME products, WESCo has bought and stocked LOCKRIGHT) large safes driven primarily by ACME's lack of a complete line of large safes for WESCo's customers. ACCOUNT VISIT: Arne is excited to see you and you notice a few things during your visit: 1.  ACME Safe related product banners, brochures and product guides seen in the sales desk area. 2.  Warehouse was lightly stocked with ACME small safe products and heavily stocked with LOCKRIGHT large safes. 3.  Arne is excited to see you because he's noticed a drop in his small safe sales since your predecessor (Wilbur Haag) was promoted to a National Account Manager and promptly left the territory 6 months ago, leaving Arne with no ACME sales representative. 4. Arne notes that when WESCo began carrying the ACME brand of small safes, Wilbur helped him develop a marketing plan each year that helped WESCo reach a leading share of the market in 2017. However, Wilbur did not help with plans for 2018 and 2019.  Arne also expressed concern regarding the declining GM% he's able to earn on small safes.  Arne's not sure if it's competitor pressures, but does know his price from ACME has gone up each year that he's been a customer.  Wilbur indicated that WESCo's current small safe GM% of 14% was very reasonable for an ACME account with a strong small safe market share. 5. He does acknowledge that his LOCKRIGHT sales rep stops by often to manage his inventory including making purchase recommendations to keep the right product in stock.   He also noted that he has a strong large safe market share of 23%, and achieves a 21% gross margin on these large safe sales. 6.  Arne can't make it for dinner, but would like you to come back in the morning and meet with his sales team that is relatively new and did not benefit from the training and market planning that was done back in 2017 with Wilbur. Q4:  Match ALL the OBSERVATIONS (from Q3) to the appropriate IMPLICATIONS (from the drop box):  (10pts - 1pt for each correct match)  An IMPLICATION is the expected positive or negative impact to ACME or WESCo as a result of the OBSERVATION!
Describe the stimulus for each of the three following phases of gastric juice production: 1. Cephalic Phase 2. Gastric Phase 3. Intestinal Phase
Which of these is the best method for determining if a patient is eligible for services?
You find this on your urine sediment.... what would your next steps be for this animal?
The key element of an ordeal is
What is the best strategy to get a child to like a new food?
Choose the sentence that has the correct number usage. If the given sentence is correct, choose C for correct. We have received 50 reservations over the past 14 days.   C We have received 50 reservations over the past fourteen days. We have received fifty reservations over the past 14 days. We have received fifty reservations over the past fourteen days.
Where was Eumachia working at the beginning of the story>
Which statement best describes the solubility of ethane (given below) in water?
