Below is a PDF of your test. Work problems on your own paper, in order, clearly labeling each problems as you go. After you finish the PDF test, there are two multiple choice questions (below) that you must answer. Good luck!If you have any trouble during your exam, email  both Ms. C and Dr. Gee at monicac@stedwards.edu & carolg@stedwards.edu. 1324Exam2verF_s21.pdf
Draw the Lewis Structure of BrF3. What is the electron domain geometry of BrF3?
The cardiovascular risk factor associated with a patient who appears angry, depressed, hostile or lonely is:
Bacteria that are shaped like a sphere are called:
Identify the account below that is classified as an asset in a company's chart of accounts:
The accessory organs of the male reprodcutive system include all of the following except
A stratified squamous epithelial lining can be found in all of the following except in the
Refer to the figure below. A voltage level of 20V is measured at the output of the power supply with no load attached. Which of the following is the probable cause?
Which of the process-based theories of motivation explains that behavior is a function of its consequences, so it is important that rewards are aligned with an organization's priorities?
As you sit in class and look at your psychology professor, you begin to think of all the traits that are generally associated with college professors and think about other college professors that you have had in the past. This is an example of a(n):
In Dred Scott v. Sandford, the Supreme Court declared that African Americans were ___________.
For 3 bonus points: One of the most famous pieces of public art on the University of Florida campus graces the plaza between Marston Science Library and the Computer Science and Engineering Building. Affectionately dubbed "The French Fries" by students and faculty, what is the actual name of this large yellow sculpture installed in 1988?
A patient's systolic pressure is 150 mm Hg and their diastolic pressure is 75 mm Hg. The mean arterial pressure (MAP) of the patient would be:
From isolated Thymocytes, indicate in which quadrant(s) the most significant population cells undergoing the early stages of Positive Selection will appear in the below 2D plot comparing CD4 vs CD8 cells (select all that apply):
"Derm" means "skin," so the name Echinoderm literally means
What force causes surface winds to blow across isobars, unlike at upper levels?
51.  What is considered the overall goal of medication therapy for an epileptic patient who is prescribed a regimen of anti-epileptic medication?
Variable costs do not change in proportion to changes in volume.
The Kigali Amendment
In chapter 6 of Gospel Centered Counseling, on "Examining the Spiritual Anatomy of the Soul," Kellemen  states ultimately our problems are a function of ...
