Please use the following information to answer the following questions.You work for a company selling tropical rain forest plants commonly found in the understory of the forest. These plants are shade tolerant and can be grown indoors because they require low light. Your employer wants you to find out what is the best type of light to maximize growth of these understory plants. Using a full spectrum of natural light would cause these plants to die because they are a shade-tolerant plant species.From your biology class, you recall that the light-dependent reactions of photosynthesis involve pigment molecules that absorb light of specific wavelengths. You also remember the experiments done by the German biologist Theodor Engelmann, in which he separated light using a prism into different wavelengths and then determined which wavelengths were best for promoting photosynthesis in the algae species he was examining. Your goal is to determine which wavelengths (colors) of light are best for promoting photosynthesis to enhance growth in your species of plant. To achieve this, you grew your plants under different wavelengths of light and measured their growth rates. The wavelengths were measured in nanometers (nm), and the growth rate was measured in millimeters per day (mm/day). The data you collected are as follows:    Wavelengths Growth   400 nm 0.33 mm/day   450 nm 0.46 mm/day   500 nm 0.88 mm/day   550 nm 0.12 mm/day   600 nm 0.54 mm/day   650 nm 0.28 mm/day   700 nm 0.08 mm/day   750 nm 0.00 mm/day    Make a bar graph plotting growth rates on the y-axis and wavelengths of light on the x-axis. Referring to your graph, answer the following questions:Which of these wavelengths is LEAST useful to your plants?
What drives the Soil-Plant-Air Continuum
If there are few close substitutes for a good, demand tends to be relatively
A new roller coaster at an amusement park requires individuals to be at least 4' 8" (56 inches) tall to ride.  It is estimated that the heights of 10-year-old boys are normally distributed with a mean of 54.5 inches and a standard deviation of 4.5 inches. First find the z-score for this problem Then what is the probability that a ten-year-old boy is tall enough to ride the roller coaster?  Your answer will be a double (z-value, p-value).
8. Provide an example of an antecedent AND a consequence manipulation one could make to increase self-control (2 pts).
A patient with a ventricular dysrhythmia has an order for amiodarone at 0.25 mg/min. The concentration is amiodarone 900 mg in 250 mL of D5W. How many milliliters per hour should the IV pump be programmed for?
The Environmental Protection Agency defines wetlands as "lands that are wet."
Which African-American won the field and track events at the Berlin Olympics, defeating all the NAZI athletes and winning a gold medal?
The nurse is reinforcing teaching to a client receiving glipizide for type 2 diabetes mellitus. Which information should the nurse include in the teaching?
18. Dizziness, Facial flushing, Headache, Tightness in chest, Hypotension, and Irregular pulse are signs and symptoms of:
Benzene is an unsaturated hydrocarbon. Which of the following is NOT a property of benzene?
The nurse is performing assessments for mental functioning impairments. Which accurately describes these impairments?
Arrange the following parts of the neuronal pathway for hearing in the correct sequence. (1) inferior colliculus(2) medial geniculate nucleus(3) superior olivary nucleus(4) auditory cortex(5) cochlear nucleus
What is the term length of a federal judge?
Which SID is recommended for the lateral projection of the sternum for management of magnification?
The image shows a tracing of a muscle twitch. X axis refers to time. Y axis refers to tension.  Letter A refers to period of increase in muscle tension which is...........
Oraciones Fill in the blanks using the future perfect.  Ella ya ____________________(preparar) la cena para cuando ustedes lleguen a su casa.
Which internal control activity is followed when management authorizes the purchasing department to order goods and services for the company?
Hydrogen is a very unique atom.  For example, stomach acid has a very high concentration of H+ ions, which makes it extremely acidic.  Yet at the same time, we know that a hydrogen ion will form an ionic compound with Li+ (LiH).  Briefly explain why Hydrogen has the ability to exist as both H+ and H-.
What does the free market do well without any government policy intervention?
