When brand equity becomes so strong that consumers start referring to an entire product category by an individual brand name, we call this:
Under a state law, a dog owner is absolutely liable to any person who is injured by the dog. This is an example of
Name one thing you learned in Psychology of Sport that you plan to integrate into your future pursuits.
Which of the following is a serous membrane of the body?
Free Response: Below all of the free response questions for this exam are listed. You should work all of the free responses completely before exiting the Canvas quiz. You only need to type your final answer for each question into the essay box below. Once you have closed the quiz, then you can use your cell phone to take pictures of your free response work and then can upload this to the assignment labelled "Free Response Exam 2" as a pdf or word document. You will have 10 minutes from the time you finish the Canvas quiz closes to upload. Note that no credit will be given for a free response question without both the answer typed into the box (matching your work) and the work upload. If the quiz times out before you get to type in an answer, e-mail me your final answer (or as far as you got for the question) immediately. The quiz is time stamped, so I will know whether you sent it immediately or took additional time to work on it outside of the Canvas quiz. A periodic table and important equations and conversions are included below:NA = 6.022 x 1023M1V1=M2V2  Free response 1: Answer each of the following questions regarding the mole concept. Show all work. Upload your response. i. How many moles of K are present in a sample that contains 7.4 x 1022 atoms? (4 points)ii. How many molecules of NF3 are present in a 12.8 gram sample? (4 points)iii. How many atoms of fluorine are present in a 12.8 gram sample of NF3 ? (4 points) Free Response 2: Answer the following questions concerning a sample that is 1.03 % H, 62.9 % P, and 36.0 % Cl. Show all work and upload your answers.i. Determine the empirical formula of the substance (5 points)ii. If the molecular mass of the compound is 98.40 g/mol, determine the molecular formula of the compound. (3 points)iii. What mass of chlorine would be present in a 45 gram sample of the molecule? (4 points) Free Response 3: Imaginary element X (MM 56.27 g/mol) reacts with imaginary element Y (MM = 61.64 g/mol) according to the following chemical equations. Determine how many grams of Y are required to completely react with 49.3 grams of X. (5 points)X + Y  XY4 Free Response 4: For the aqueous reactants, Al2(SO4)3 and BaCl2,i. Predict the products of the reaction and write the complete chemical equation (1 point each product)ii. Determine the phase of each product (1 point each product)iii. Balance the equation (2 points entire reaction)iv. Identify the reaction as an acid-base neutralization reaction or precipitation reaction. (2 points)
Which of the following is NOT an ion?
29. Which of the patients listed below is optimal for the Inspire device?
Inferior to the bone, the first meninge that would be encountered is the
When we say that the meaning of words is not intrinsically related to what the word represents we are saying that the meaning of the word is...
A longitudinal study compares groups of individuals of different ages at the same time.
X-ray output constancy for a linear accelerator would have a daily tolerance of
Creating a composition by gluing paper or fabric onto a surface is called
Which disease is associated with a loss of dopamine in the substantia nigra and basal ganglia?
Many customers will not shop at traditional retail stores the day after Thanksgiving due to the crowds. This refusal to shop is an example of how a servicescape can create ________ behavior.
Which of the following stimulates the formation of the platelet plug?
Match the salivary gland disorders with the descriptions.
Je veux ecouter de la musique.
The membrane potential, in which a neuron is not sending a signal is called its__ potential.
The melting point of aluminum is
The third and fourth ventricles are linked by the
