Convert the following to a fraction in reduced form. 480%
The mirror image rule requires that an acceptance have precisely the same  terms as the offer.
Preoperative Diagnoses: Staph epidermis bacteremia, urinary tract infection, Postoperative Diagnoses: Same Procedure Performed: Remove right-sided Mediport, implantable VAD, with culture Anesthesia: Local with IV sedation  Complications: None Estimated blood loss: Minimal Indications: 1bis is a very pleasant patient with multiple medical morbidities who has had a recent stroke as the reason for a prior hospitalization. The patient has had a Mediport, that is a totally implanted VAD for long-term access for IV procedures. The patient at presentation to the hospital has had several sources of infection found, including urinary tract infection, but also has a Staph epidermis bacteremia. This made her Medi port suspect as the source of infection. She was started on IV antibiotics but after several days the blood cultures are still positive for Staph Epidermis. Therefore, we will remove the port. Procedure and risks are reviewed and informed consent obtained. Description of Procedure: The patient was brought into the operating room on her bed. She was not moved as she has significant pain issues. Therefore, intravenous sedation was administered to the patient on her hospital bed. Broad-spectrum antibiotics were administered per Infectious Disease and then the right neck and chest were prepped and draped in a sterile fashion. The site of the right internal jugular Mediport was noted with the reservoir in the subclavicular area. This was infiltrated with 0.5% Marcaine with epinephrine. An elliptical incision was used to cut out the old scar. Dissection was carried down to a well-incorporated incorporating Mediport. This was removed in its entirety, intact, with the catheter intact as well. The tip of the catheter was cut off and placed in a sterile specimen cup and forwarded to Pathology for culture. The pressure was held in the area of the internal jugular entrance of the catheter for 10 minutes. Excellent hemostasis was achieved. Then, the site was irrigated and closed in two layers. Steri-strips and sterile dressings were applied. The patient was awakened and taken to the recovery room in stable condition. She tolerated the procedure well.  Code the diagnoses and procedure for this operative report  Principal diagnosis: [dx1]Secondary diagnoses: [dx2]Principal procedure: [proc1]Assign MS-DRG: [msdrg1]
A platform business is like a matchmaker in that it can bring together buyers and sellers. An example of a successful platform provider is Facebook. By attracting and retaining users through expanding services it differentiates itself from more narrowly-focused competitors such as Twitter.
One way of combating opportunism in an alliance is to wall off critical capabilities.
The maximum shear strength of Pb-Sn solder bumps occurs at a composition of __ % Sn.
Which of the following is NOT a source of employment law?
Which organ are fructose and galactose carried to for conversion to glucose?
Propose a synthesis for the following transformation
Bonus: You cross an AABBCCDD parent with an aabbccdd parent to form a heterozygote AaBbCcDd offspring. If genes A/a and D/d are on the same chromosome, and genes B/b and C/c are on a different chromosome, how many different gametes can be produced by the heterozygote? You may assume that no crossing over occurs between genes A/a and D/d, but crossing over can occur between genes B/b and C/c.
The drug order reads Nubain 5 mg IM every 4 hours prn pain. The 10 mL multidose vial is labeled Nubain 20 mg/mL injection.  How many mL will you administer IM?
About two-thirds of the body's fluid is within cells and is termed ________ fluid
C'est vrai ou c'est faux? People who work in certain trade jobs are well-respected in France, even if they did not attend a 4-year college! Regular occupations ( comme la boulangere, le serveur, le boucher, le mecanicien, la cuisiniere...) are seen as vital and needed in society.
What is the definition of a "pure culture?"
A _____ entails establishing a firm that is owned together by two or more otherwise independent firms.
Figure 6.  Refer to Figure 6, Panel (b) and Panel (c). Which of the following is correct?
This nerve abducts the arm. (Like a chicken)
Functional significance of binding to a plasma membrane bound receptor
Identify the cerebral lobe labeled B.
A country's _____ indicate its present and future potential for consuming, since products and services can be sold only to countries where there is enough income to buy them.
