An RN has received the assignment for the day shift. After making rounds and checking all of the assigned patients, which patient would the nurse plan to care for first?
The arterial pressure gradient is:
There are 8 Great Architecture Ideas presented in class. Name them:
Which statement best summarizes the main idea of the infographic?
A client comes to the clinic for a follow up appointment. Which client statement alerts the nurse to possible left-sided heart failure?
The nurse admits an elderly patient from the hospital to the rehabilitation center following hip surgery. The patient has not ambulated since the surgery. The nurse observes a stage III pressure ulcer on the patient's heel. What is the priority nursing diagnosis for this patient?
Sara da la taza a Elena.
Which widget was used to create the following?
The collection of whole blood for leukocyte labeling should be performed:
Which of the following factors help determine a manager's span of control?
A nurse assesses an elderly patient. The nurse should complete the Geriatric Depression Scale if the patient answers which question affirmatively.
Free trade involves ______.
J. Read the following passage and answer the questions in English except the last one that should be answer in Spanish. Prevenga un ataque al corazon  Por Juliet Falce-Robinson Para disfrutar de una vida mas larga y sana, se deben disminuir o eliminar ciertos vicios, y se deben comer alimentos mas sanos. El tabaco aumenta el ritmo cardiaco a veinte pulsaciones por minuto. El riesgo continua presente en los ex-fumadores durante los primeros cinco anos. Por eso, evite el tabaco. El colesterol, que se encuentra en las grasas de origen animal, como en cremas, charcuteria (cold cuts), mantequilla y carnes en salsas, es otro factor de alto riesgo (risk) para la salud. Las carnes con mas materia grasa son el cerdo y el cordero (20%), res (2 a 10%), ternera (2 a 10%), conejo (5 a 10%) y las aves sin piel (2 a 8%). Para evitar el colesterol, es necesario reducir las grasas en su dieta. Tambien es necesario reducir los aceites o sustituir los comunes por los de soja o maiz. Comer pescado, verduras y frutas es lo recomendado porque esas comidas no perjudican las arterias. No es bueno consumir huevos en exceso, ya que la yema tiene un alto porcentaje de colesterol. Afortunadamente, en la actualidad el colesterol se puede combatir con medicamentos eficaces. El sobrepeso y la inactividad obligan al corazon a trabajar mas. Para esto, no hay nada mejor que el deporte y una dieta sana. Se recomienda que las personas sedentarias practiquen algun deporte progresivamente. Mantengase activo/a, coma bien y cuide su peso. El abuso de la sal en las comidas y el alcohol tambien pueden ser causantes de un ataque. Acostumbrese a cocinar o comer con poca sal. Usted va a notar que al hacerlo va a bajar de peso y va a sentirse saludable. Asimismo, no cometa exceso con la bebida. Otro riesgo para su corazon es el estres, que puede ser provocado por el exceso de trabajo o problemas en su casa, en el trabajo o en los estudios. Aprenda a mantenerse en calma y a relajarse. Trate de ignorar lo que le produce la ansiedad, y por consiguiente el estres. Recuerde que su vida vale mas que todo lo demas. 1. After reading the article, explain in two sentences what the article is about. (2 points)2. What does the article recommend for sedentary individuals? (2 points) 3. What are the results from overweight and lack of physical activity? (2 points) 4. Mention two recommendations cited in the article to avoid or to fight cholesterol. (2 points) a.  b.5. Define TWO of the following words in the context. You will find them in bold face in the text. (3 points)  Afortunadamente (2do. parrafo) Mantengase (3er. parrafo) Ignorar (5to. parrafo)  6. En espanol: ?Estas de acuerdo con el articulo? ?Como aplica a tu vida personal? (4 points)
46. According to OSHA, portable containers used to provide drinking water shall be:
For following questions, please work on papers and upload answers with all your work. An information sheet is attached in the end. You can only upload 1 file directly to this question. If you have more than one file, please send the files to me through email before submitting the test. Please send the file(s) to xyue@valenciacollege.edu with the title: Test 3 Part 2.   1. Unit conversion with correct significant figures (6 points)    32.0 degC to K (K = degC + 273.15)       705 mmHg to atm (1 atm = 760 mm Hg)       2.53 kPa to atm (1 atm = 101 kPa)      2. A helium balloon gas has a volume of 2.8 L at 0 degC and 850 mmHg. What will the volume be if the temperature increases to 80.0degC and pressure decreases to 750 mmHg? (3 points)   3. A mixture of 50 g oxygen gas and 5.20 g neon gas are filled into a balloon to make it 3.25 L. If the temperature is 0 degC. What is the pressure inside the balloon? Assume the oxygen gas and neon gas behave like ideal gases.(4 points)   4. Aluminum can react with hydrochloric acid and generate hydrogen gas. 2 Al(s)   + 6 HCl(aq) --> 2 AlCl3(aq) + 3 H2(g) 1) How many mols of hydrogen gas can be produced theoretically from 1.03 g Al? (2 points) (Molar mass of Al: 26.98 g/mol) 2) If produced H2 is collected over water at 55 degC and 728.0 mmHg, what is the partial pressure of H2? (1 points) (water vapor pressure is 118.2  mmHg at 55 degC) 3) If the gas mixture is measured to be 50.0 L, assume H2 as an ideal gas, what is the actual H2 yield in moles? Please find the temperature and pressure in the previous question. (3 points) 4) Based on the results you got from question 1) and 3), what is the percent yield of this experiment? (1 points)   5. For reaction 2 H2(g) + O2(g) --> 2 H2O(l) happened at 25 degC and 1 atm, how many grams of water can be produced from 150.0 mL O2? Assume the oxygen gas behaves like a ideal gas. (4 points)   6. Elemental analysis of a compound sample gives the following mass composition: C: 4.002g, H: 0.0667g. The molar mass of this compound is 84.16 g/mol. Find the empirical and molecular formula of this compound.(4 points)   7. For reaction: Na2CO3 + CaCl2 --> CaCO3 + 2 NaCl, if we mix excess Na2CO3 with 50.0 mL 0.250 M CaCl2, what will be the theoretical yield of CaCO3 in grams? (3 points)   8. 1) Complete and balance the reaction between sodium sulfate and Barium chloride. Please include the physical states of each reactant and product. (5 points)     2) Write the net ionic equation for the reaction above. (2 points)   9. Draw all the resonance structures for nitrate (NO3-). (4 points)   10. Complete the following table. (total 15 points)       Molecule   # of Valence Electrons (1 points each)   Lewis Dot structure (2 points each)   Electron Geometry (1 points each)   Molecular Shape (1 points each)     a) NF2Cl                     b) SBr2                     c) BCl3                       Information Sheet   PV = nRT, R = 0.0821 L*atm/(mol*K) C = (F-32)x5/9 K = C + 273.15
Which of the following is a true statement regarding water?
Cartilage and bone are considered __________ connective tissues.
The nurse is providing care for an unconscious client that is receiving warfarin (anticoagulant) medication. Which precautions should the nurse take when performing oral care? (Select all that apply)
The specific period during which potassium ions diffuse out of the neuron due to a change in membrane permeability is referred to as:
RUBISCO and several other Calvin cycle enzymes are light-activated enzymes.  What is one way in which light is responsible for activating these enzymes?
