Instructions:  Use the record/ upload media button below ( in the middle)  to record your speech!  Click on "Start Recording" - When done, click on "Finish" and then "Save" Make sure you save your recording! For visual instructions, use this document.  Parlez en francais, s'il vous plait!  Exprimez-vous en utilisant 7-9 phrases!   Speak in French by answering at least 2 the following 4 prompts:  Quel sont vos passe-temps et activites preferes? Aimez-vous faire du sport aussi? Qu'est-ce que tu aimes faire le week-end? Avec qui? Ou ca? Quels sujets preferes-tu etudier a l'ecole? A quoi tu t'interesses? Qu'est-ce que tu vas faire apres le lycee? Veux-tu aller a l'universite?            Use a greeting and polite phrases as needed!      Tips for speaking we discussed:  Make an outline of what you want to say! Practice your sentences well before recording! Use vocabulary you have learned this semester! Be creative: talk about hobbies and your siblings or friends! Include a conclusion and a good-bye! Remember to focus on vowel sounds! Be yourself and enjoy speaking in the target language!    Click on the 3 dots to the right of the ribbon, then go to the media button and click it: Make sure you save your recording when finished!
An inpatient client is newly diagnosed with dissociative identity disorder (DID) stemming from severe childhood sexual abuse. Which nursing intervention takes priority?
A 61-yr-old patient with a history of  asthma has just been admitted to the emergency department with nausea and vomiting. Which information requires the most rapid intervention by the nurse?
Refer to the following table when answering the following questions.Table 2.4: U.S. and Eurozone (18 Economies) Nominal GDP in 2015        2015    Eurozone nominal GDP (EUR billions)  EUR10,455    U.S. nominal GDP ($ billions)  $18,036    Dollar/euro exchange rate  $1.10/EUR1    PEZ/PUS   0.85         Consider Table 2.4. The value of eurozone nominal GDP in U.S. dollars is ________ billion.
Use the information below to determine the number of protons, neutrons, and electrons in one atom of potassium (K). Round 39.1 down to 39.
Identify the following hormones:  a) "H" b) "I" c) "J"
The figure shows three plastic sheets that are large, parallel, and uniformly charged. The charge density of sheet 1 is [s1] C/m2 and the charge density of sheet 2 is [s2] C/m2. The electric field in between sheets 2 and 3 is found to be twice the magnitude and opposite in direction of the Electric field between sheets 1 and 2. Find the charge density of sheet 3 in C/m2.
According to MLA style guidelines, a correct parenthetical citation should appear inside parentheses after the quote from that source with the period following at the end. For example, Johnson states, "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder" (124).
Cosmology is the study of the structure, history, and evolution of the observable Universe.
An action potential is also referred to as a nerve impulse transmitted by axons.
2.2.3   Tomula umugqa oyimpindwa uchaze umqondo ugcizelelwayo.   (2)
Your 68-year-old patient with coronary arteriosclerotic heart disease (status post-coronary artery bypass graft surgery) has a history of gastric ulcers. Which nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug (NSAID) could you safely recommend he use at home?
12. The nurse is teaching nursing assistive personnel (NAP) how to give a complete bed bath. Which instruction should the nurse include?
Which of these is not a component of the MyPlate icon
The puncture of a joint space with a needle, usually done to remove excess fluid, is called:
For the following questions, answer the following in terms of how the USA's balance of payments is affected: A = (+) impact on the current account B = (-) impact on the current account C = (+) impact on the capital account D = (-) impact on the capital account Lupe, a resident of Virginia, earns income from a farm she owns in Honduras.
Manipulation of the Xist gene would be best suited to treating which genetic abnormality?
In what month did Elwood arrive at Nickel?
A perpendicular line to the cross section of the simulation or treatment field that is the imaginary line emanating from the source of radiation that is non-divergent is the
5.1.3   Tomula umugqa oyimpindwa uchaze umqondo ogcizelelwayo.   (2)
