"It is not too much to hope that, with the building of a branch railway to this region, European piece goods might be imported so as to undersell the native cloth. And the effect would be that not only would a larger supply of the raw material be obtained--for the cotton that is now spun into yarn in Berar would be exported--but also the large local population now employed in spinning and weaving would be made available for agricultural labor, and thus the jungle land might be broken up." Harry Rivett-Carnac, British cotton commissioner for Berar province, India, annual report, 1869 On a global scale, the implementation of the types of policies that Rivett-Carnac advocated for in the passage is most significant in that it directly led to the
What name is given to the trade routes that connected China with what is now the Middle East?
A server has three versions of a file in English, Spanish and German: hello.html.en, hello,html.es, hello.html.de. The browser specifies a preferred language of Spanish, requests hello.html and receives hello.html.es from the server. Give an example of the header with its values that the browser sends. Explain how the server processes that header.
Sensitive give-and-take in communication between infants and their caregivers that results in emotional comfort is called:
Which of the following signs and symptoms is most indicative of Meniere disease?
Select the appropriate answer.     A Juan  [answer1] las matematicas. A los estudiantes [answer2] ir al cine los sabados por la noche con sus amigos. A mi no [answer3] la opinion de los demas. ?A ti [answer4] los museos de arte? A Nora y a mi [answer5] la musica country porque muchas veces la letra es muy aburrida.
Which of the following drug classes is most likely to cause the adverse effect called serotonin syndrome that produces potentially fatal hypertension and other symptoms?
After death, the collection of fluid that turns the ears and cheeks red or purple is called:
Name the parts of the internal carotid artery as it moves into the skull.  (from inferior to superior).
Which of the following split from the Democratic party in 1948?
Students should be taught from the very beginning that their assignment is to graduate but their  ____ is to develop a solid client base.
After administering the first 15 g of carbohydrates to a hypoglycemic client, the nurse waits 15 minutes, reassesses the blood glucose and identifies a result of 92 mg/dL. According to the 15/15 guidelines, the nurse's next action would be to:
Explain why the recovery of 75% of crop residues would be bad for soils and which are the solutions to that problem (8 points).
NOTES: if needed
The pubic symphysis is a joint that is connected by cartilage and allows slight movement between the pubic bones of the pelvis. This joint is therefore considered:
Noodle n1 = new Pasta(); Noodle n2 = new Ramen(); Pasta p = new Pasta(); Ramen r = new Ramen();  For the class hierarchy and declarations above, correctly indicate whether each of the following statements will compile and what will happen at runtime (runs correctly or runtime exception). It may be helpful to use scratch paper to keep track of each variable's static and dynamic type.  1   Noodle noodle = (Noodle) r; 2   Ramen r1 = (Ramen) n1;  3   Ramen r2 = (Ramen) p; 4   Ramen r3 = (Ramen) n2;   1   : [1]  2   : [2]  3   : [3]  4   : [4]
Translocation into most organelles usually requires the activity of one or more cytosolic proteins. Describe the basic function of four different cytosolic proteins required for translocation into  ER, mitochondria, peroxisomes and nucleus respectively. In yeast temperature-sensitive double mutants with mutations in Rab and ARF protein where (which class) secretary proteins will be accumulated in the following figure? Justify your answer.         8+6
David Rose gives his mother Moira $10,000 to spend on clothing and wigs. David's marginal tax rate is 32% and Moira's marginal tax rate is 10%. David owns a store and needs assistance. How much would employing Moira at the store and paying her enough for her to have $10,000 left after tax save the family overall in tax (ignore payroll and employment tax)?
Matching  1. emotional brain, involved in olfaction and memory                             a. reticular formation 2. bridge connecting parts of the brain each other                                  b.  hypothalamus 3. sensory relay area                                                                                    c. limbic system 4. alerts the cerebral cortex to incoming sensory signals                         d. pons  5. the motor command center, regulates posture and balance               e. pineal 6. lacks blood-brain barrier; can monitor chemical changes in blood      f. cerebrum 7. contains sensory, motor and association areas                                      g. cerebellum 8. secretes melatonin                                                                                    h. thalamus
Ely Company has two support departments, Maintenance Department and Personnel Department, and two producing departments, X and Y. The Maintenance Department costs of $60,000 are allocated on the basis of standard service hours used. The Personnel Department costs of $9,000 are allocated on the basis of number of employees. The direct costs of Departments X and Y are $18,000 and $30,000, respectively. Data on standard service hours and number of employees are as follows:          Maint.     Person.     Dept.     Dept.          Dept.       Dept.       X       Y      Standard service hours used  100   50   300   150    Number of employees    5   10    45    45    Direct labor hours   50   50   250   250       Predetermined overhead rates for Departments X and Y, respectively, are based on direct labor hours. What is the overhead rate for Department Y assuming the direct method is used?
