Question 1 (25 points): Casting  The sand casting process is being used to create a solid block of metal that can either be in the shape of a cube or a cylinder but has the same volume in either shape. For the cylinder, the diameter and height are equal. The mold cavity is being filled by pouring liquid aluminum through a pouring cup that holds molten metal 20 mm high. The cup is connected to a sprue which is 75 mm tall and has a bottom area of cross-section of 40 mm2. Filling of the mold cavity takes 1 minute. The narrowest section in the gating system has a cross-sectional area of 9p mm2. Answer the following questions. Show all work and list any assumptions. Note: Aluminum has a viscosity of u = 0.0015 Ns/m2 and a density of 2.7 g/cm3. The acceleration due to gravity is 9.8 m/s2 and the Chvorinov's constant is 100 s/cm2.     (a) What is the volumetric flow rate of metal during pouring in units of cm3/s? (5 pt) (b) Is the flow turbulent at the narrowest section in the gating system? Explain using numbers. (5 pt) (c) What would be the solidification time for the cube? (7 pt) (d) What would be the solidification time for the cylinder? (5 pt) (e) Based on pouring and solidification, which shape should one select? Explain briefly. (3 pt)
Which type of leukemia affects the granular leukocytes of the bone marrow?
Which of the following foods would be the least appropriate for a child following the ketogenic diet?a.  chocolate pudding cupb.  diced chickenc.  heavy creamd.  cheese
What is voice over IP (VoIP)?
Emily Smith is currently 39 weeks and in active labor. Electronic fetal monitoring shows variable decelerations. What is usually the cause of variable decelerations?
2.5   The following pictures, A and B, indicate specific fashion styles.  Identify and explain the types of fashion in both pictures.    (2x2=4)           Right click on the button below to open the pictures in a new page.
Use Experiment Multi-Part B: What are the conditions necessary for this to be considered a "true experiment" (not quasi-experiment) and does this design meet these conditions?
You are treating a woman in the ER who has multiple broken ribs due to her husband beating her. Your teaching for this patient should include:
Identify the expression that can be used to find the equation for the slope of the graph of the function  f(x) = 4x - 6  at a given x-value.
2. reliant (adj)
The maindifference between gingivitis and periodontitis is:
Four capacitors labeled C1 through C5 are connected to a 20.0 V battery as shown. The capacitances values are on the figure below. Assume the capacitors are fully charged.   a) Calculate the equivalent (total) capacitance, Ceq , of the network.  Hint: Identify the capacitors in parallel, then combine. Redraw the circuit every time you combine capacitors and keep track of the voltage and the charge rules. b) What is the charge on each capacitor? c) What is the potential difference (voltage) across each capacitor?   Create a table as shown by using "insert table" above with 3 columns and 6 rows. Label each column as shown and then enter your values in the table you created before you submit your test. Use three (3) significant figures and make sure you email me your work after you submit your test.     Capacitance (
Find percent notation.
A type of hemolysis produced by a streptolysin that results in no lysis of hemoglobin:
Please put the following in order: Acceptance, Bargaining, Denial, Anger, Depression
Results of Rieger et al. (2005) and Rosenthal et al. (2011) clearly diverged with regard to bisexual men's:
Which of the following is true about sedimentary rocks?
A wide window width:
20.) In Postterm (Prolonged) Pregnancies the maternal risks include (SATA - Select All that Apply):
The purpose of the Bretton Woods Agreement was to ________.
