Florida International University PH.D. IN PUBLIC AFFAIRS PROGRAM  Comprehensive Examination Spring2021 Morning Session (8 AM - 12 PM)   Answer the first question and any ONE of the other three questions. You need to address all parts of each question to which you are responding. The answer to each question should be 5-7 pages (typed and double-spaced). You are expected to provide coherent and thoughtful responses.   Question 1 (You must answer this question): In his essay on administration, in addition to arguing for the politics-administration dichotomy, Woodrow Wilson makes three other important points. These include the need to engage in the comparative study of public administration across national boundaries, the need for a merit based civil service system, and that public administration, certainly in the United States, must be built upon a foundation of democratic government. Please develop an essay in which you address two of Wilson's four points, both in terms of how subsequent public administration theorists have approached these matters and what relevant empirical studies and historical experience have indicated regarding the wisdom of Wilson's perspectives on these matters.   Question 2: Private and public sector leadership and administration emphasize a different, and at times, competing, set of values. Discuss what these values are. Identify the work of at least three public administration theorists and discuss how each theoretical perspective has attempted to advance one or more of these values. Explain how one or more of these values are evidenced in the governmental response to the global pandemic.   Question 3: The last year has tested government agencies' ability to pivot operations, mobilize their workforces, and address urgent public needs when resources are strained. How can we use the ideas from organizational behavior and theory to understand why some agencies have handled these challenges well and why others struggle? Be sure to discuss at least three different theories or perspectives.   Question 4: An important debate in public administration is how much discretion should be allowed to public administrators and how elected officials can control/monitor bureaucrats. Discuss the benefits and drawbacks of administrative discretion by drawing on a particular public service to illustrate your arguments. What research evidence is there that public administrators have used their discretion to enhance the equity of outcomes at the individual, organizational, or community levels? What challenges remain?
(Grissett) You are presented with a calf that is 12 days of age with diarrhea. Which of the following would be the most likely etiologic agent?
Which is a trend in the evolution of the life histories of higher land plants?
This herbivore is uses an enlarged cecum, with an abnormally long large intestine, to digest food.
If your measure of curiosity can be applied to other organizations and for other jobs (i.e., it has a positive correlation with performance in those other contexts), we can say that this measure has high:
W is the chemical symbol for
CONGRATULATIONS...You finished the Exam!! Before SUBMITTING your Exam, please make sure you:   Rip up your scrap paper in front of the WebCam.  Then Submit your Exam.    GRADING:  Your Raw Score is NOT your final grade. I will grade the Free Response and Extra Credit questions and add points to your Exam. In addition, I review each student's exam and award partial credit for questions in which you may have inverted a conversion factor or determined the correct answer but did not select the answer with the correct number of significant figures.
ID structures note:  they are cut off in this model
Contribution margins and  forecast errors for consumer demand are both higher for innovative products, compared to the functional products.
Explain the technique of applique'.
Name the Valve.
Fats with at least 1 trans double bond rather than the more common cis double bond are
Why does Douglass have no knowledge of his birth date?
The best predictor of relationship satisfaction for women is _________, but for men the best predictor of relationship satisfaction is ___________.
50) Nelson Corp. is considering the purchase of a new piece of equipment. The cost savings from the equipment would result in an annual increase in cash flow of $100,000. The equipment will have an initial cost of $400,000 and have a 5-year life. If the salvage value of the equipment is estimated to be $75,000, what is the payback period? Ignore income taxes.
The term hematuria is defined as
Assume that the exchange rate between the British pound and the U.S. dollar is 1 pound = 2 dollars. An Armani jacket sells for $80 in New York and 40 pounds in London. This is an example of
Which of the nine biomes is most represented by the following description? A biome that consists of cone-bearing evergreen trees in cool, high elevations and usually experiences long, snowy winters and short, wet summers that are sometimes warm
Most learned individuals in the years around 1492 believed the Earth was oblong or rounded rather than flat.
Suppose that the first comic book of a classic series was sold in 1954. In 2000, the estimated price for this comic book in good condition was about $340,000. This represented a return of 27 percent per year. For this to be true, what was the original price of the comic book in 1954?
