Cerebrospinal fluid is secreted by choroid plexusesin the ventricles and reabsorbed by arachnoid granulations in the __________.
QUESTION 5     The graph below shows the energy changes during the course of a chemical reaction.   Right click on the following blue button to open ALL THE IMAGES for QUESTION 5, in a new tab.       5.1   Define 'activation energy'.   (2)     5.2   Does the graph represent an endothermic or exothermic reaction? Motivate your answer.   (2)     5.3   Write down the activation energy for the reverse reaction in kJ.mol-1   (2)     5.4   A suitable catalyst was obtained for this reaction. Redraw the given graph and clearly indicate what the effect of the catalyst will be on the activation energy.   (2)     5.5   How will the addition of a catalyst affect the DH?   (2)     5.6   The following curves suggest different factors that can influence the rate of a chemical reaction.   Please refer to Diagram 2, Question 5 to answer the following questions.         5.6.1   Which line X, Y or Z, represents an increase in the concentration of the reactants?   (2)     5.6.2   Use the collision theory to explain how the increase in concentration will affect the reaction rate.   (3)     5.7   A study was done to find out the effect of the concentration of a reactant on the total time it takes to complete a chemical reaction. Four attempts of the same reaction are performed. In each attempt, the initial concentration of the reactant was different. The time required to complete the reaction is measured each time. The data for each of the four attempts are shown in the table below.   Please refer to Diagram 3, Question 5 to answer the following questions.         5.7.1   Provide an investigative question for this experiment.   (2)     5.7.2   Identify the dependent variable.   (1)     5.7.3   Use the results in the table and draw a graph.   (4)     5.7.4   Use your graph and calculate the average reaction rate for the first 40 s.   (4)     5.7.5   Write a conclusion for this experiment.   (2)             [28]
Given the program of the previous question, and assuming fork() might fail (by returning an error code and not creating a new process) and printf() prints its outputs immediately (no buffering occurs), list all the possible outputs of the same program as above and explain why they are printed.
What is it called when the frequency of muscle contraction only allows the muscle to partially relax between contractions, the muscle will produce greater force during the subsequent contraction?
Indicate whether the statement could be True (logical) or is likely false (illogical).    ?Logico o ilogico?  Indicate whether the statement is logico (L) or ilogico (I).   Tengo miedo de los animales y hoy pienso montar a caballo.
You're going to spend a month studying in Venezuela. Write a message to a real estate agent describing your ideal apartment (location, number of rooms, etc) and the perfect roommate. Write at least 8 sentences describing all of this in Spanish. **Be sure to use grammar topics from chapters 8-12 in your writing. **For ACCENTS and SPECIAL CHARACTERS, you can copy and paste from this list:** a e i o u n u ! ?
What is the molecular shape of the IBr3 molecule?
Does the lecturer think that it's beneficial to have a classic name?
Cholesterol:
The shoulder height of the Manipur Brow-Antlered deer from India has a mean of 111 centimeters with a standard deviation of 4 centimeters.   The heights are normally distributed (mound shaped).  a.  What proportion of Manipur Brow-Antlered deer will have heights that will fall between 99 and 123 centimeters?   b.  A photographer spot a Manipur Brow-Antlered deer with a shoulder height of 102 centimeters.  Is this unusual?  Justify your answer mathematically. c.  If a Manipur Brow-Antlered deer has a shoulder height with a z-score of + 1.6, what is its actual height?
The spouse of a recently deceased older patient says that he does not really remember the funeral. Which stage of the grieving process is the spouse describing?
In philosophy, an argument is . . .
J'ai une mauvaise gestion du temps.
A ball thrown horizontally from the top of a building hits the ground in 0.800 s . If it had been thrown with twice the speed in the same direction, it would have hit the ground in
The ZIF socket is where you connect the                  to the motherboard
All of the following can be observed using the simple stain EXCEPT:
How can a single bout of resistance exercise reduce muscle force production
The day-fine system takes the offender's financial resources into account.
The interpretation of a nonstress test in a woman who is 34 weeks gestation containing 2 fetal heart rate accelerations lasting 15 seconds each is:
The major medical application for opioids in modern medicine is ______.
