(Linn, 3pt) A 63-year-old woman with New York Heart Association (NYHA) class IV heart failure (HFrEF) is admitted for increased shortness of breath and dyspnea at rest. Her extremities appear well perfused, but she has 3+ pitting edema in her lower extremities. Her vital signs include BP 123/72 mm Hg, HR 95 beats/minute, and oxygen saturation (Sao2) 88% on 100% facemask. After initiating an intravenous diuretic, which is the best intravenous drug to treat this patient? (3 pts) 4.2.4.SP
This is a multiple response item. A client has been admitted with symptoms of hypervolemia.  Which of the following would the nurse expect to implement as part of the treatment plan? (Select all that apply by listing the letter(s )to the answer in alphabetical order using no commas, periods or spaces)A.  diuretics B.  IV fluid challenge C.  Sodium restriction D.  I and O E.   Daily weights
The medical term for a bruise is which of the following?
The action of quiet expiration is accomplished mainly by:
Which influential concept album released by the Beatles was created as a studio album but mimics aspects of live performance?
A nurse is caring for a client scheduled to be discharged to an extended care faciity the next day. The client states "Why do I have to go to that awful place." What is the appropriate response by the nurse?
Which of the following businesses is most likely to disrupt an existing industry?
Assume that for a newborn, the probability to be a boy is the same as the probability to be a girl. If you randomly select  10 newborns, the probability that exactly four of them are boys is:
Match the following advantages and disadvantages of Office Based PPEs versus Mass/Group PPEs. You will use several more than once.
What is the function of the muscle labeled A
For Hobbes any sovereign has absolute authority.
The main objective of traffic control at the scene of a motor vehicle crash is to:
1.3   Would you say this artwork has rhythm and movement? Motivate your answer.   [4]
This is the x-t graph for an object moving along the x-axis. Rank the times A, B, C, D, and E in order of the x-velocity v(x) at that time, from most positive to most negative.
Im Kaufhaus gibt es eine grosse ___.
A patient presents to the ER after a motor-vehicle accident.  The patient has normal range of motion in the left extremity but cannot flex the shoulder or elbow.  You suspect the patient may have trouble with which nerve?
Refer to Figure 1 above. Should the perfectly competitive firm shown in Figure 1 shutdown its operations? Briefly explain why or why not?
The Spanish colonies in North America failed, in part, because
The microorganism that causes Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever is transmitted by:
A 48-year-old obese patient (weight 112kg, height 5 foot 6 inches) has been admitted to hospital with suspected theophylline toxicity. The steady state theophylline level is found to be 60mg/L, and she is treated by the medical team on duty. In a few days, you are asked to calculate a new theophylline dose of 14mg/kg. As theophylline is poorly distributed in body fat, you decide to calculate the patient's ideal body weight (IBW).  Calculate an appropriate daily theophylline dose in milligrams for this patient. The hospital pharmacy has theophylline available in 100mg, 200mg, 300mg and 400mg tablets. IBW (female): 45.5kg + (2.3kg x the number of inches over 5 feet)
