(a)  Calculate the idea speed to take a 85 m radius curve banked at 20.0 degrees.  (4 pts) (b)  If instead you take the same turn at 5 m/s more than the ideal speed, what must be the minimum coefficient of friction between the tires and the ground?  (3 pts)
Provide an appropriate response.A television station claims that the amount of advertising per hour of broadcast time has an average of 12 minutes and a standard deviation equal to 1.7 minutes. You watch the station for 1 hour, at a randomly selected time, and carefully observe that the amount of advertising time is equal to 19 minutes. Calculate the z-score for this amount of advertising time.
In medieval towns, _________ was a clear marker of social standing.
Which of the following systemic conditions is not associated with sex hormone gingival disease?
A school's reading specialist correctly advised teachers to __________.
Which of the following is primarily responsible for the low pH of the glandular stomach?
Dwayne met and began dating Carol, later on he dumped her for another girl.  While they were dating he never realized that she was 15. Carol's parents went to the attorney general to file statutory rape charges against him.  Dwayne will win because Carol should have told him her age. Is this true or false?
According to your text, which is true about small departments?
The following substitution studies were performed on a patient's plasma that had prolonged activated PTT.Patient plasma + normal plasmaFactor VIII,IX,XI deficient plasmas              None of the substitutions corrected the prolonged APTT significantly.  What could be the cause of these results?
The data link is responsible for sending data between
The nurse is working at a pediatric clinic. A 5-month-old child presents to the clinic with a runny nose, cough and frequent sneezing. The nurse suspects Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV). Which of the following about RSV is true?
A score of 70 or below indicates significant cognitive delays, major deficits in adaptive functioning, and difficulty meeting the standards for personal independence and for social responsibility accepting within a community, in comparison to same-aged peers.
The Eighteenth century keyboard of Mozart was called the fortepiano.
An impression left in the skin, when pushed on with a finger describes what condition?
What type of stroke occurs when the blood supply to a part of the brain is cut off by a thrombus, embolus, or stenosis?
Can we have a data warehouse architecture using
Solve the problem to the nearest cent.Larry buys 51 inches of door molding which costs $5.36 per yard. How much does he pay?
Find the indicated probability.A bank's loan officer rates applicants for credit. The ratings are normally distributed with a mean of 200 and a standard deviation of 50. If an applicant is randomly selected, find the probability of a rating that is between 200 and 275.
Molecules of food and gasoline contain a special form of potential energy called:
5. My friend asked me if I had all ready prepared a thirty second elevator speech?
