Write a simple program inside of 'main' that reads the file: nums.dat Each line contains an integer value. Count the number of negative values (i.e., strictly less than zero). Display the number of negative values found in the file. There is no need for comments.
EXTRA ESSAY ANSWER SPACE         (PLEASE ONLY USE THIS  ESSAY ANSWER SPACE IF NECESSARY)
You are an AT at a Division 1 University. You are covering baseball and they have just started spring practice. One of the sophomore pitchers had rotator cuff surgery in November and you are still working with him on rehab. He is now 11 weeks post-surgery but appears to have plateaued over the past 2 weeks. He is having difficulty gaining the amount of ER/abduction needed for a pitcher. Every day he comes into rehab stating "It's just not getting any better and don't think it will. The surgeon tightened me up too much during surgery and it's causing me not to get my motion back." You explain to him that it is still early in rehab to have the full amount of motion needed for a pitcher and that he has been progressing well. You remember how this athlete reacted when the team physician told him he would need surgery last fall. At that time the pitcher blamed the situation on you saying, "Well you didn't give me the correct exercises and didn't work me hard enough to prevent this from happening." However, you gave him an in-depth program but the athlete did not always perform the program as he should have. You were not able to follow him as well in the fall due to working with the women's soccer team. During his current rehab, you have had to speak to him on a few occasions about rehab adherence and trying to get him to realize that it is going to take a lot of effort on his part in order to get back on the mound. However, he continues to blame things on everyone around him and not a lack of his own effort. He is scheduled to see the surgeon tomorrow so you need to perform a re-evaluation of the athlete in order to let the physician know his progress at this time. He is now here for the re-evaluation. Answer the following questions. (2 points each; 10 points total) What is this athlete's locus of control? How do you motivate this athlete for rehab? Which intervention strategies could you use? Is the athlete displaying any risk factors or red flags? Would this require a psychological referral?
Unlike advertising, which can be conducted on a global basis, sales promotion
Which of the following structures is the best representation of the following vocabulary terms shown in the diagram?
TDaP vaccine which protects against tetanus, uses antigenic fragments from the microbe. This is an example of what type of vaccine.
The components of embedded Linux system must be -------------and ----------- into an executable format.
When a person starts running, their muscles first get oxygen from ___________________.
What is the priority nursing intervention for a patient diagnosed with delirium who has fluctuating levels of consciousness, disturbed orientation, and perceptual alterations?
Measles can be prevented in a child by vaccination. This is an example of
Select all that apply: A logical fallacy ...
The charge nurse is supervising the quality of patient care provided on a busy unit. Which situation, if noticed, should require immediate intervention?
JNP, LLC has bonds currently outstanding making annual payments, with 21 years to maturity, selling for $1,130. At this price, the bonds yield 5.2%, What must be the coupon rate on the bonds? (Round your final answer to two decimal places and express in percentage form.)
Vitamins are organic and minerals are inorganic.
What is the realization of the "Delayed Parousia" in early Christianity? 2 points extra credit
Cells can be "rescued" by the effect of antimetabolites, such as methotrexate, pemetrexed, and pralatrexate, by use of:
Popular sovereignty
Typically, people are more willing to accept a risk if they perceive that the potential benefit to be obtained is
What is the molality of a solution made by dissolving  of C6H12O6 into  of water? Assume the density of water is .
Why are wild food sources important?
