EQUATIONS AND INEQUALITIES QUESTION 2             Solve for  showing all working steps:         2.1
True or False: the International Court of Justice (ICJ) enjoys compulsory jurisdiction over questions of international law that involve any UN member state.
9.1   Gee die presiese vertrekpunt van die Interkaapbus vanaf Port Elizabeth op Saterdag 25, Januarie 2014.   (1)
What is the position of the femoral condyles when the leg is properly positioned for an AP projection?
What is the maximum vertical depth you can excavate a trench before using a trench box or sloping the trench walls (in inches)?
A 7 kg blue ball travelling to the right at 4 m/s strikes a 6 kg green ball travelling to the left at 3 m/s.  They undergo an elastic collision.  Find the final velocity of each ball after the collision and the change in kinetic energy of the system.  Must include a momentum diagram and an energy bar chart as part of your solution.
45.The time that it takes for one cell to divide into two and then two cells to divide into four is known as the microbe's _______________.
Which of the following activation functions can lead to vanishing gradients? a. Sigmoid  b. ReLU c. Leaky ReLU d. None of the above
What is the molecular geometry of BrF4-?
The three most widely recognized types of consumer decision making are
Under the UCC, if a contract for a sale of goods does not specify the quantity, a court will objectively determine what is a reasonable quantity.
According to the levels of processing theory, which of the following tasks will produce the best long-term memory for a set of words?
Suppose that there are two laws proposed for eviction notices. Plan A requires landlords to give a renter 30 days to vacate an apartment once he has been served an eviction notice. Under Plan B, he has 60 days to vacate an apartment once he has been served an eviction notice. It follows that landlords will find
We stayed outside until the sun went down.
According to author Darry Fears in the chapter His Last, Best Cause, psychologists, sociologists, health-care professional, and economists offer which of the following reasons to explain why black men shun doctors:
Bill Gates no es pobre, es...
What interprets software instructions and literally tells the other hardware devices what to do, based on the software instructions?
ESSAY- David Reznick, an ecologist at the University of California at Riverside, studied the process of natural selection in populations of guppies (small freshwater fish) on the island of Trinidad. Reznick found that populations at lower elevations face the assault of predatory fish, whereas the populations at higher elevations live in peace because few predators can move upstream past the waterfalls. The average size of individuals in the higher-elevation waters is larger than the average size of guppies in the lower-elevation populations. Reznick hypothesized that the smaller size of individuals in the lower-elevation populations was a result of increased rates of predation on larger individuals; in effect, predation was selecting for smaller individuals in the population. To test this hypothesis, Reznick moved individuals from the lower elevations to unoccupied pools upstream, where predation was not a factor. Eleven years in these conditions produced a population of individuals that were on average larger than the individuals of the downstream populations. Is the study by Reznick an example of natural selection (does it meet the necessary conditions)? If so, what type of selection does it represent (directional, stabilizing, or disruptive)? Can you think of any alternative hypotheses to explain why the average size of individuals may have shifted through time as a result of moving the population to the upstream (higher-elevation) environment?
When placed in a room with a hanging food source and boxes, chimpanzees will stack the boxes and climb them to reach the food source. What does this demonstrate?
Bonus A muscle located on the dorsal (posterior) side of the body is the:
