Part 1: Choose the activity that best matches each health-related goal.
English 106H Final Exam Spring 2021 Portfolio Reflection   Your final exam is a reflection on your work over the semester in English 106H and should demonstrate that you have the ability to assess your own writing and argumentation skills. Using your portfolio and the survey you just filled out to help you, reflect on your writing this semester. Your reflection is not a place for you to prove that you should earn a high grade or that your writing is perfect - it's a place for you to show that you can read your own work critically and know to some degree what you do well and what needs improvement. Therefore, earnestness and thoughtfulness will be rewarded.               Your reflection should be approximately 2-3 pages and answer the following questions:   *         What about your writing do you feel most proud or most successful?   *         In what aspect of writing do you think you've most developed?   *         To what extent, if any, have you had to change or adjust your previously established approach(es) to writing, to research, or to both?   *         In what aspect(s) of writing do you feel you need improvement or growth? You might think about the question this way: What aspects of your writing do you need to remember to pay especial attention to in your future college writing?              How you should use your portfolio: Point to specific places in your portfolio to show where you've derived your ideas - for example, you might tell me if you are thinking of 1A or 1D and which page or section. Please spend some time reading through your portfolio materials and make notes about what you might reference before beginning writing. How your survey might help you: If you scored yourself high in one area, you might use that as one of the elements included your paragraph about your strengths. If you scored yourself low in one area, you might use that as one of the elements included in your paragraph about what you think need to improve.  If you think of other elements of your writing or argumentation not included in the survey that could be addressed in your reflection, feel free to include those, too.                                                      For each statement below, check the number that best describes how much you agree or disagree.                  #   Statement                                               (1=strongly disagree . . . 5=strongly agree)     1   2   3   4   5     1   I am able to develop an extended and nuanced argument related to an issue discussed and read about in the class.                         2   I am able to support an argument with given text.                          3   I am able to organize an argument logically (signifying a move away from the "5-paragraph" essay).                         4   I am able to evaluate and use evidence from texts in support of my own arguments.                         5   I am able to find additional and related sources not provided in course materials and use those sources to deepen my understanding of an issue and/or support an argument.                         6a   I am able to explain and respond to counter-arguments.                         6b   I have an understanding that arguments rely on assumptions/warrants.                         6c   I have an understanding that assumptions vary according to discipline or discourse.
In addition to learned languages such as Latin, Greek, and Hebrew, known principally by the clergy, inhabitants of England spoke and wrote a number of vernacular or common languages during the Middle Ages. The anthology divides this period of linguistic flux into three sections. Select the answer below that shows these languages in the proper chronological order.
A 54-year-old patient presents to the dental office. Medical/social history is unremarkable except that he smokes a half a pack of cigarettes a day. Gingival examination reveals erythematous, edematous, and bleeding gingival. Periodontal examination: 3-8 mm probing depths, bleeding on probing, multiple furcation defects, gingival recession. There is evidence of root caries and yellowish brown intrinsic stains. The dorsal surface of his tongue is brown.  The patient's chief complaint is "A tooth hurts when I eat ice cream or drink a cold Mt. Dew, and it's sensitive even to air when I breathe in."  Treatment for that patient's intrinsic staining is _____________.
The oral message-sending process includes all of the following steps EXCEPT:
Hayley was diagnosed with a brain tumor, found in her temporal lobe. Which of the following brain imaging measures would most likely have been used to identify the location of the tumor?
According to W.D. Ross, which of the following is the term for the duty we should follow when there is a conflict between the prima facie duties?
NAME THE STRUCTURE.
Lab 6B: Protein Denaturation What is the sequence of three nucleotides which code for an amino acid called?
A patient is referred to physical therapy 2 weeks s/p L carpal tunnel surgery.  A release of the flexor retinaculum was done arthroscopically to decompress the median nerve, and the arthroscopic incision has healed.  There are no post-operative restrictions from the surgeon. The PT's treatment plan includes therapeutic exercise to improve wrist ROM, manual therapy to improve tissue mobility and reduce mild edema, and modalities as necessary to control pain/inflammation. Which of the following would be an appropriate treatment intervention for a PTA to carry out based on this plan of care?
Prior to completing any type of movement pattern, you should first:
Which of these is NOT an advantage of direct response advertising over awareness advertising?
Choose the best word to fit into the blank in the sentence below. I did not turn in my work;___________, I failed the class.
Amanda has high self-awareness and self-objectivity, which should help her become a(n) ________ leader.
A manufacturer ships toasters in cartons of 10. In each carton, they estimate a 10% chance that one of the toasters will need to be sent back for minor repairs. In a batch of 5,000 toasters, what is the expected number of toasters to be sent back?
Two blocks are connected by a rope and pulley on a ramp as shown in the figure. A 10-kg block hangs off the edge of the top of the ramp suspended in the air. The 10-kg block is connected via rope and pulley to a block on the ramp, which makes an angle 30 degrees with the horizontal. What is the mass of the block on the ramp if the block hanging off the edge of the table accelerates downwards at a rate of 2.4 m/s2?
Which statement best describes an acid?
During exercise, alveolar ventilation and alveolar-capillary diffusion increase in proportion to the increase in metabolic rate to prevent PaCO2 from increasing and PaO2 from decreasing
The nurse is caring for an older adult client and a middle-aged adult client. What dosage would the nurse anticipate for the older adult when compared to the middle-aged adult?
Identify the specific tubes at the pointer.
