Question 5.7          The castle roof keeps collapsing and Aqua's father does not know what to do about it. Can you suggest a structure that will help hold the castle roof up?   (1)
Imagine you have to prepare a web-page or blog with the title: "How World History Has Helped Me to Understand the COVID-19 Pandemic" You will write about five specific persons, places, events, or ideas from the times and places we have discussed this semester.  Choose one from each of the four course units:  One from Worlds Collide One from The Rest of the World, 1400-1800 One from Industry & Imperialism One from War & the World   Choose the fifth one (think of it as a "wildcard") from any unit.  Compose an essay of 3-5 substantive paragraphs where you identify each of your choices (who/what/where/when) and tell us what we can learn from them that would help us understand our COVID-19 experience. Elaborate and put some thought into your response.  Conclude with original thoughts, introduce it all well, and walk away with your thoughtful A (I love this assignment - so - show me that you cared about it, and I'll reward you)!
Petroleum is believed to have formed mostly from the anaerobic decomposition of buried
The Andromeda galaxy (M31) is a member of the Local Group.
Both Lawrence and Beardon use the repetition of patterning to create visual rhythms in their work. What interest did they share in common that is suspected to be the inspiration for this compositional device?
It is time for a baby who is very sleepy to eat. Which of the following techniques could the mother use to arouse the baby? Select all that apply.
. An autotroph ultimately gets its energy from
Kyk na die onderstaande blokkies en kies die regte antwoorde.       REGS KLIK OP DIE BLOU BUTTON EN MAAK DIE PRENTJIE OOP IN 'n  "NEW TAB"      A   Die [answer1] sal die Scripts laat begin vir die Sprite.  1        B   Die [answer2] sal die  Sprite keer om van die verhoog af te gaan .   1         C   Die Sprite kan sy posisie / look  verander met die  [answer3]  button   1         D   Die  x : and  y:   is    [answer4] van die Sprite   1         E   Die  [answer5]   blok sal seker maak dat die Sprite die aksie herhaal.   1           Kyk na die funksies en kies die regte antwoorde.       REGS KLIK OP DIE BLOU BUTTON EN MAAK DIE PRENTJIE OOP IN 'n  "NEW TAB"      A   [answer6]    1     B    [answer7]   1     C   [answer8]    1     D   [answer9]   1     E    [answer10]      1
WORD PARTS/TERMINOLOGYSelect the correct meaning for each of the following combining forms: encephal/o:
The attorney tried to ________ the truth about the crime by examining all the evidence and thoroughly questioning the witnesses.
A global start-up faces many management challenges including
Match the fungal disease/symptom/characteristic to the causative agent.
The malar (zygomatic) bone articulates with all of the following except:
This type of artwork usually covered floors in ancient cultures.  Their occasional placement on walls, however, foreshadowed their extensive use in the Middle Ages.
What compound is the expected product upon Markovnikov hydrohalogenation with HBr of the alkene shown below?
A patient had a stroke resulting in damage to Broca's area.  The nurse knows that this injury compromises the patient's ability to communicate in which of the following manners?  The patient will be:
The compound 1 -butyne, HC
Figure 3-1If a 10 kO resistor dissipates 0.5 W in Figure 3-1, then the supply voltage equals ________.
The following are reasons why metabolic stress differs from starvation, except:
I/O & Disk (Chapter 10) 2. (10 points, 8 minutes) (a) (4 points, 3 minutes) Your friend has implemented a simple controller for connecting a slow speed input device to LC-2200.  The controller has 2 registers as shown below:  Data register: The device fills this with new data. Status register: The most significant bit of this register is set by the device to 1 when new data is placed in the data register. The bit gets cleared automatically by the controller when the data register is read by the CPU. Your friend has implemented the registers as memory mapped registers. The data register is given the memory address: 0x0FFFFFFE.  The status register is given the memory address: 0xFFFFFFFD.  Write a sequence of LC-2200 instructions to check for new data and receive the data into a processor register.   (b) (2 points, 3 minutes) A DMA controller has the following registers:  COMMAND: This is used to convey the CPU command (read/write) to the controller DEV: This is used to convey the device address (for input/output) to the controller. MEM: This is used to convey the memory buffer address (for input/output) to the controller COUNT: This is used to convey the number of bytes to be read/written to the controller. STATUS: The least significant bit of this register when set to 1, will start the DMA operation by the controller.  Your friend has implemented the following pseudo code to write to the device:       Store write-command into the COMMAND register;       Store device-address into the DEV register;       Store 1 into the STATUS register;       Store memory-buffer address into MEM register;       Store number of bytes into the COUNT register; He is asking you to debug his program since it does not work.  What advice will you give him?  Why?   (c) (4 points, 2 minutes) The CPU is the fastest unit in a computer system compared to all the other subsystems (memory, and peripheral devices). So in principle, the CPU can move data to/from any high-speed device such as a disk from/to memory using L/S instructions (i.e., programmed I/O - PIO).  Yet, we worry about data loss in streaming devices such as a disk or a camera and provide direct-memory access (DMA) for such devices.  Give two good reasons why we need to provide DMA access to high-speed devices instead of using PIO.
