Both Roger Williams and William Penn...
The term that means pain in the fibrous tissue and muscle is ___________.
Name the cavity (be specifiic).
Zui Shi He Da Xue Sheng De Da Gong  [Zui Gua He Da Xue Sheng De Da Gong ] Please use at least 5 of the grammar patterns. Underline the grammar patterns you use. 1) Zai ...Shang                        2) Shou Dao                  3) Bu Shi ...Jiu Shi ...            4) Lai [(Lai )]                 5) Jian Qing [(Jian Qing )]   6) Ya Li [(Ya Li )]
When should a financial institution inquire of a customer "the source of funds" i.e., why what means did the customer obtain the cash?
What is the average degree of body rotation for an AP oblique projection of the stomach and duodenum?
When Yersinia pestis remains untreated in a human body, it can enter the bloodstream and ultimately invade the
Blood added to the ultratag reaction vial incubates how long before the addition of Tc04
An argument is inductive when
Remains or evidence of an organism that lived long ago are known as _______________________.
We drove into the night. Identify the preposition in the above sentence.
In general, research has found that older adults perform at the lower levels in the developmental sequences when executing overarm throws.
Ahuramazda is the creator god of _________________.
How many pointer changes/updates are involved in inserting an item into a doubly linked list?
The horizontal surface on which the block slides is frictionless. The speed of the block before it touches the spring is 6.0 m/s. How fast (in m/s) is the block moving at the instant the spring has been compressed 15 cm?                            k = 2.0 kN/m
Solve the problems in the file below and upload your solution.    Exam 2_part 2.pdf
A conducting rod of length L = 14.0 cm slides over two horizontal metal bars with a constant speed v = 4.00 m/s to the right. The entire set up is in a region of uniform magnetic field that is directed perpendicular to the rods and into the page. What is the strength of the magnetic field if an emf of magnitude 8.80 V is induced?
Activity 3 - Using Presentation Software (PS)  (26 minutes)     Karen wants a slide show to encourage members of other fitness clubs to enter the competition. She has produced a TITLE slide (saved as PENTATHLON) using the settings on the master slide. She wants three more slides in the presentation.         These are her original designs for the slides             RIGHT CLICK on the button to open the LAYOUT in a new tab/window                        These files are available:             * images in GRAPHICS.              * information about the competition in TEXT             RIGHT CLICK on the button to open the files needed in a new tab/window.              Open the slide presentation PENTATHLON. RESAVE the document as PS3_SurnameName (e.g. PS3_LootsKarien)         (a)   Edit the master slide to make changes to the settings for the presentation.             (i) The blue background is too dark. Change it to a more suitable shade.   (1)         (ii) Add the logo you created in Task AG2 to the bottom left-hand corner of the master slide.    (1)         (iii) Change the default font to any sans serif font.   (1)         (iv) Enter your name and surname in the center footer area of the master slide. Add the slide number in the right footer area and today's date (Fixed) on the left footer area.   (4)     (b)   Produce THREE other slides using information from the files TEXT and GRAPHICS and the LAYOUT shown in Karen's original design. You do not have to use all the text and graphics. (all files needed on the blue buttons you have to open in a new tab.)             (i) Create slide 2 to describe features of the competition.   (3)         (ii) Create slide 3 to detail prizes and gifts for competitors.   (3)         (iii) Create slide 4 to explain how to:   (3)         * find out more about the competition             * enter the competition.             (iv) Add animation and transitions to your slides   (2)     (c)   Karen wants to encourage more 11- to 14-year-old girls to enter the competition.              (i) Change slide 3 to make it more appealing to this age group   (1)         (ii) Change the presentation so that it runs continuously without user intervention.   (1)         (iii) Add Action Buttons on each of your slides that will link your pages with one another and back to HOME page.   (1)         (iv) On slide 1, add some NOTES for the presenter.  Explain shortly to the presenter what is a pentathlon competition and what events are part of this type of competition. (you may use the internet to get this information)   (2)         (v) Add a hyperlink on the last slide for more information on the topic. Use a more information Action button and link this action button to  https://kids.kiddle.co/Pentathlon         (2)         RESAVE the document as PS3_SurnameName             UPLOAD YOUR DOCUMENT -  PS3_SurnameName             TOTAL FOR ACTIVITY 3   [25]
A newly discovered sweetener acts by binding receptors on taste buds that open sodium channels on the afferent nerves in the tongue. Upon stimulation, the membranes of those afferent post-synaptic target nerves will be
1 I visited Edinburgh with languid eyes and mind; and yet that city might have interested the most unfortunate being. Clerval did not like it so well as Oxford: for the antiquity of the latter city was more pleasing to him. But the beauty and regularity of the new town of Edinburgh, its romantic castle, and its environs, the most delightful in the world, Arthur's Seat, St. Bernard's Well, and the Pentland Hills, compensated him for the change, and filled him with cheerfulness and admiration. But I was impatient to arrive at the termination of my journey. 2 We left Edinburgh in a week, passing through Coupar, St. Andrew's, and along the banks of the Tay, to Perth, where our friend expected us. But I was in no mood to laugh and talk with strangers, or enter into their feelings or plans with the good humour expected from a guest; and accordingly I told Clerval that I wished to make the tour of Scotland alone. "Do you," said I, "enjoy yourself, and let this be our rendezvous. I may be absent a month or two; but do not interfere with my motions, I entreat you: leave me to peace and solitude for a short time; and when I return, I hope it will be with a lighter heart, more congenial to your own temper." 3 Henry wished to dissuade me; but, seeing me bent on this plan, ceased to remonstrate. He entreated me to write often. "I had rather be with you," he said, "in your solitary rambles, than with these Scotch people, whom I do not know: hasten then, my dear friend, to return, that I may again feel myself somewhat at home, which I cannot do in your absence." 4 Having parted from my friend, I determined to visit some remote spot of Scotland, and finish my work in solitude. I did not doubt but that the monster followed me, and would discover himself me when I should have finished, that he might receive his companion. 5 With this resolution I traversed the northern highlands, and fixed on one of the remotest of the Orkneys as the scene of my labours. It was a place fitted for such a work, being hardly more than a rock, whose high sides were continually beaten upon by the waves. The soil was barren, scarcely affording pasture for a few miserable cows, and oatmeal for its inhabitants, which consisted of five persons, whose gaunt and scraggy limbs gave tokens of their miserable fare. Vegetables and bread, when they indulged in such luxuries, and even fresh water, was to be procured from the mainland, which was about five miles distant. 6 On the whole island there were but three miserable huts, and one of these was vacant when I arrived. This I hired. It contained but two rooms, and these exhibited all the squalidness of the most miserable penury. The thatch had fallen in, the walls were unplastered, and the door was off its hinges. I ordered it to be repaired, bought some furniture, and took possession; an incident which would, doubtless, have occasioned some surprise, had not all the senses of the cottagers been benumbed by want and squalid poverty. As it was, I lived ungazed at and unmolested, hardly thanked for the pittance of food and clothes which I gave; so much does suffering blunt even the coarsest sensations of men. 7 In this retreat I devoted the morning to labour; but in the evening, when the weather permitted, I walked on the stony beach of the sea, to listen to the waves as they roared and dashed at my feet. It was a monotonous yet ever-changing scene. I thought of Switzerland; it was far different from this desolate and appalling landscape. Its hills are covered with vines, and its cottages are scattered thickly in the plains. Its fair lakes reflect a blue and gentle sky; and, when troubled by the winds, their tumult is but as the play of a lively infant, when compared to the roarings of the giant ocean. 8 In this manner I distributed my occupations when I first arrived; but, as I proceeded in my labour, it became every day more horrible and irksome to me. Sometimes I could not prevail on myself to enter my laboratory for several days; and at other times I toiled day and night in order to complete my work. It was, indeed, a filthy process in which I was engaged. During my first experiment, a kind of enthusiastic frenzy had blinded me to the horror of my employment; my mind was intently fixed on the consummation of my labour, and my eyes were shut to the horror of my proceedings. But now I went to it in cold blood, and my heart often sickened at the work of my hands. 9 Thus situated, employed in the most detestable occupation, immersed in a solitude where nothing could for an instant call my attention from the actual scene in which I was engaged, my spirits became unequal; I grew restless and nervous. Every moment I feared to meet my persecutor. Sometimes I sat with my eyes fixed on the ground, fearing to raise them, lest they should encounter the object which I so much dreaded to behold. I feared to wander from the sight of my fellow-creatures, lest when alone he should come to claim his companion. 10 In the meantime I worked on, and my labour was already considerably advanced. I looked towards its completion with a tremulous and eager hope, which I dared not trust myself to question, but which was intermixed with obscure forebodings of evil, that made my heart sicken in my bosom.
