Quid pro quo sexual harassment occurs when a harasser creates an abusive or intimidating work environment but does not engage in sexual activity.
Determine the value of x:
The centrioles of a cell are responsible for producing proteins.
Sexual intelligence helps us make responsible decisions about our sexual behavior based on personal values.
According to the Alachua County ULDC, what is the minimum buffer width required between a parcel zoned R1-a and a parcel zoned A (Agriculture)?
Racket lag and trunk rotation of less than 90deg are characteristic of proficient overarm striking.
All of the following have contributed to the drastic rise in health care costs and premiums over the last three decades EXCEPT
Name one of the three purposes we discussed for the doublet of the 15th century.
Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.     His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together.   The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions.   For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse. This figure is associated with the text above and to answers to questions below.    The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle.    Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life.        The nervous system and the muscular system use what type of communication signals?
what type of survivorship curve would you expect for a plant species in which most seedlings die? (recall: there are three types of survivorship curves)
What is this algorithm doing? Be brief and complete.  (Don't just rewrite each line of code.  What is the overall goal of this code?) Input: graph, vertex V1, vertex V2 Create a queue, Q1, and  insert the start vertex in Q1 Mark V1 as visited Create a queue Q2, and insert the integer 0 (zero) in Q2 while Q1 is not empty                    Remove a vertex, u, from Q1                    Remove an integer, i, from Q2                    for all vertices, v, adjacent to u                                 if v==V2                                              return i+1                                 end if                                 else  if v has not been visited                                                                       insert v into Q1                                                insert i+1 into Q2.                              end else                       end for end while return -1
What should the blue arrow measurement be less than?
The layer of the heart wall that consist of the heart muscle is called the ____________________.
A cell containing 4 M NaCl is in a 6 M Lactose solution. Which would occur?
Which of the following serves as the translator between a mRNA codon and an amino acid?
Which of the following is not a recognized structural classification for neurons?
3. The average ratio of assessed value to sale price for comparable sales is 0.30. The recent assessed value of the subject site is $15,000. What is the estimated market value of the subject site?
Ligands interact with proteins in target cells, which are cells that are affected by chemical signals; these proteins are also called receptors. Ligands and receptors exist in several varieties; however, a specific ligand will have a specific receptor that typically binds only that ligand. Base your answers to the questions below on the following information: You have isolated a factor from the blood of a space alien and named it ACF (for A-Cell Factor). Based on preliminary data, you think that ACF could be one of three compounds normally found in human blood:  epidermal growth factor (EGF), epinephrine, or estrogen. You obtain two different preparations of ACF, one of which contains the receptors for ACF. You perform a binding assay and obtain a standard curve. Based upon this data, what value would reflect the affinity of the receptor for the ligand? (Assume a one ACF-to-one receptor interaction.)
A uniform electric field of magnitude 30 N/C is directed downward. What are the magnitude and the force on a +4 C charged placed In this electric field?
Match each item with a statement below.
