The ____ carries oxygenated blood.
People with which blood type can receive only one type of blood?
The antagonist to the triceps brachii is the ________.
Martin Luther was a well-established leader in the Catholic Church before 1517.
In a geographic file arranged by state and then city in a location name guide plan, where would you file a letter from a company that does not have an individual folder for the correspondent or a city folder in the file?
When water molecules are split in photosystem II, an O2O2 molecule and two protons in the form of hydrogen ions, H+H+, are produced. What happens to the protons?
When developing a slide show for your presentation, what is something that you should be careful not to include in your slides (according to our textbook)? Why?
Which of the following statements regarding coral bleaching is FALSE?
A nurse is caring for a young child diagnosed with Tourette's disorder who is experiencing verbal tics and motor tics such as eye blinking and protruding the tongue.  Based on this assessment, which medication would the nurse consider administering?
Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.    His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together.   The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions.   For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse.   The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle.   Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life. 5. What ion channels must be opened on the post-synaptic membrane of a skeletal muscle to initiate a muscle contraction?
Remember that experimental researchers need to carefully think about main effect and interaction effect in an experimental research. Try to match the correct explanation of them.
For 40%, blood supply to the SA and AV nodes:
Being aware of and accurately identifying your emotions and how emotions affect your behavior and performance describes:
The half-life of carbon-14 is about 5,730 years. A fossil that has 1/16 of the normal proportion of carbon-14 to carbon-12 should be about how many years old?
The action potential is conducted into a skeletal muscle fiber by
This security appliance examines IP data streams for common attack and malicious intent patterns.
What is the ultimate source of energy for most lifeforms on the planet?
The atomic number of sulfur is _____. Sulfur combines with hydrogen by covalent bonding to form a compound, hydrogen sulfide. Based on the electron configuration of sulfur, we can predict that the molecular formula of the compound will be
Select all of the following chemical bonds that must be broken in order for water to evaporate from our skin when we sweat.
Seminal vesicles
