2.4   When does a natural hazard become a disaster?   (2)
QUESTION THREE (40 minutes) Darla Defendant was waiting at home for her spouse, Sam, to return from a bike ride. Suddenly, she heard from down the street the sound of screeching automobile tires, followed immediately by a loud metallic crash. She ran out and down the street to see what happened, arriving moments later to find Sam's mangled bicycle next to a car that had apparently struck it, then jumped the curb and crashed into a tree. Sam, having been struck by the car, lay dead nearby. She then saw, emerging unsteadily from the car, a noticeably intoxicated man. Darla realized immediately that this was Ned Neighbor, who lived down at the other end of the street, and that the car smashed against the tree was one that she had often seen driven by Ned. Looking back at Sam, lying dead on the ground, and then at the bleary, drunken Ned, Darla screamed, "I'll kill you!" She launched herself at Ned, knocking him to the ground. With her knees on Ned's chest and one hand on his throat, she grabbed a nearby rock and smashed him repeatedly in the head. In a few seconds, it was all over - Ned was dead. A. Using the substantive provisions of Anhedonia law, and in light of the background principles of the common law, of what form of homicide, if any, is Defendant guilty? The manslaughter provisions of Anhedonia appeared in connection with Question 2A. In addition to those provisions, SS 100 of the Anhedonia Criminal Code may be relevant to your analysis. It states: MURDER (10 A. S. A. SS 100)Murder is the unlawful killing of another human being with malice aforethought. Willful, premeditated, and deliberate murder is murder in the first degree; all other murder is murder in the second degree. (12.5) B. How, if at all, would your analysis of Defendant's homicide liability change if, instead of the Anhedonia provisions, Defendant's charges were subject to the substantive homicide provisions of the Model Penal Code? Explain. (12.5) C. Assume the applicability of the same facts used in this Question, except that subsequent investigation revealed that Ned was merely a passenger in the car that struck Sam. Ned was asleep (passed out) in the passenger seat at the time of the crash. Although Defendant didn't know this at the time, the car had actually been driven by Ned's wife, Wanda, at the time of the accident. How, if at all, does this affect your analysis set out in Part A of this Question? How, if at all does it affect your analysis of Part B (under the Model Penal Code)? Putting aside the doctrinal content of the applicable legal rules, should this factual variation change the analysis of Defendant's homicide liability? Explain. (15)
From shortest to longest wavelength, which of the following correctly orders the different categories of electromagnetic radiation?
A counterclaim is raised by a plaintiff against a defendant's response to a complaint.
Please list the starting materials and products (NOT ENZYMES) for the major phases of cellular respiration.
Worldwide food production is now less than in previous decades.
The main reason for recording depreciation on fixed assets is:
This is the end of the Test. If you wish to upload your scratch paper for possible partial credit, you will have 20 minutes to do so, after submitting this test. After submitting this test, please scan or take pictures of your scratch paper and upload the files to the "Test 1 Scratch Paper Submission Assignment" in modules. Submitting your scratch paper is optional.
When caring for a patient who is experiencing a panic attack:
Which of the following methods is not used for nutritional assessment?
Tetanus or lockjaw is a spastic paralysis caused by
In a general denial, the defendant needs to address all allegations asserted in the Petition. (Module 8)
What form of "mass culture" had its roots in Applachian and African-American religious styles and was globally popular beginning in the 1950s and 60s?
Identify this work:  "[This work] is a fourteen-line sonnet which explores the notion that nature and the whole universe is designed by a malevolent intelligence. It is based on the everyday observation of a spider on a flower holding up a dead moth but essentially the poem is playing around with theological argument."
The production manager of a comical plant wants to determine the role that temperature and pressure play in the yield of a particular chemical produced at the plant. From past experience, she believes that when pressure is held constant, low and high temperatures (relative to medium temperature) tend to reduce the yield. When temperature is held constant, the yield increases with the pressure. Which of the following model should be built to capture the relationship as described above?
Why is barium sulfate described as being inert?
We do not usually use mineral soil in pots because: (1 pt)
Look at Text 4 and Text 3: Which sentence in Text 3 best relates to Sentence 21 in Text 4? (Write a number)
A(n) _____ is a simulated environment designed for users to interact via avatars.
A spring is hung vertically.  A mass of 1.0 kg is placed on the end of the spring and released. It is noted that the maximum extension in the subsequent motion of the spring is 0.10 m. What is the spring constant, k, in N/m?
