Read this passage and answer the question that follows.      The Roman genius for organization and problem solving is among its most significant cultural legacies. The Romans were superb engineers. Their roads, bridges, baths, aqueducts, theaters, forums, walls, palaces, and monuments can be found in more than thirty modern nations. These feats of engineering are massive in scale, technically sophisticated, extraordinarily practical, and built with a meticulous attention to the craft of surveying.      The road system they put in place across Europe is, in part, still in use today. The Romans built bridges and aqueducts that crossed rivers and valleys and carried fresh water to houses and public baths. Roman town architecture was also eminently practical. Great amphitheaters like the Colosseum in Rome were designed to accommodate vast crowds and to let them enter and exit quickly and efficiently. The seating area of the Colosseum accommodated over 50,000 people, each of whom had a clear view of the arena. Today' s sports fans attend football games and soccer matches at similarly sized stadiums that owe much to their Roman antecedents.      Romans' love for the efficient and practical is also seen in their political structure. The Romans invented the field of civil law which became the foundation of legal systems in many Western countries. The Romans were also responsible for the idea of natural law. Natural law postulated a set of rights that became the basis for the "inalienable rights" promised by the framers of the American Declaration of Independence many centuries later.      The idea of civility in social conduct and civilized discourse in public life is another of Rome' s cultural legacies. But perhaps the Romans' greatest impact was in their language, Latin, which is the ancestor language for the Romance languages--Italian, Spanish, and French all descend from it. And although English is Germanic in root, it nonetheless contains thousands of Latin loan words, so much so that studying Latin in school can provide the basis for developing an extensive English vocabulary. And finally, the Romans, who inherited their alphabet from the Greeks but who also made changes in it, left in the Roman alphabet an even more pervasive cultural legacy. --adapted from Benton and DiYanni, Arts and Culture, pp. 98, 110This selection discussed all of the following except
How many cm3 are there in 1.25 ft3?
How many grams of X (MW = {m} g/mol)(in g) will be deposited on a cathode in {t} h by a current of {i} A?  X{q}+ + {q}e- - X(s)
How might a technology company like Apple ensure that it behaves in a socially responsible way toward its employees?
COMPOSICION (20 puntos)   Vas a escribir dos ensayos, uno mas corto y otro mas largo, sobre los siguientes temas (no opcionales):   1) Primero vas a hablar sobre tus retos (challenges) y logros (achievements) con el idioma espanol. Despues de tomar esta clase, ?cuales dirias que son tus retos? ?en que te sientes que has mejorado? (100 palabras) PLEASE COUNT THE WORDS OF THIS FIRST ESSAY AND PUT IT AT THE END OF THE ESSAY. 2) Segundo, vas a hablar de la situacion actual. Mira el siguiente video, lee los siguientes fragmentos del video y escribe un ensayo respondiendo a las siguientes preguntas. (200 palabras)    ?Como sientes que te ha afectado la pandemia del Coronavirus? ?Que has perdido y que has ganado como resultado de este confinamiento y esta pandemia? ?Hay algo que consideras "positivo" de toda esta situacion? Al final del video y en el fragmento no2 el autor dice " (...) dentro de muchos, muchos anos cuando esto no haya sido sino un antiguo parentesis en nuestra historia, algun nino al que probablemente aun no le haya tocado nada, quiza les pregunte: "?Que estaban haciendo en ese extrano 2020, cuando fue todo el fenomeno del coronavirus?". ?Cual te gustaria que fuera tu respuesta?     PLEASE COUNT THE WORDS OF THIS SECOND ESSAY AND PUT IT AT THE END OF THE ESSAY.   Sobre ser estudiantes en tiempos de COVID-19.mp4   Fragmentos:      "A mis queridos estudiantes: los mios, los de mis colegas, los de mi pais, a los de cualquier rincon del mundo, a cualquiera que se precie de llamarse estudiante, este es un mensaje para todos a los que nunca les toco...eso. A los que nunca les toco; no hay mucho mas que explicar porque a los que si nos toco sabemos siempre, siempre de que estamos hablando, pero para ustedes que quizas no saben necesitamos avisarles que a todos en todas las generaciones alguna vez nos toca. Asi que este es un mensaje para todos los que no saben; los que no saben que se siente ser perseguido, encerrado o mancillado por tu color de piel, nacionalidad, religion u orientacion sexual".         "Queridos estudiantes dentro de muchos, muchos anos cuando esto no haya sido sino un antiguo parentesis en nuestra historia, algun nino al que probablemente aun no le haya tocado nada, quiza les pregunte: "?Que estaban haciendo en ese extrano 2020, cuando fue todo el fenomeno del coronavirus?" y cuando llegue ese momento, queremos que con todo el orgullo del mundo acumulado en el pecho puedan decir: "Yo fui estudiante, y ayude mantener la escuela abierta, lo hice porque eso fue lo que me toco...". La Escuela esta abierta"    Pablo Yafe
Characteristics of smooth muscle cells include:
The nurse has chosen to work in the field of oncology. Which of the following is true regarding cancer (select one)?
Most divergent plate boundaries lie under the world's oceans. Which of the following is a process that occurs at divergent boundaries?
In the electromagnetic spectrum, higher frequencies are associated with
Drinking a fluid that is hypertonic, like seawater, is likely to do which?
10.9 CLA1; Chem 9.4 Which component of Total Quality Management (TQM) focuses on the customer viewpoint to determine quality?
Use the accompanying figure to answer the following question. The bands in the ladder are in 10-base increments, starting with 10 bases at the bottom and going to 70 bases at the top. Approximately how many bases are in the DNA molecule that the arrow is pointing to?
Students with ___ have limitations in their present functioning and adaptive behavior within the contexts of the community and environment in which they exist and, with the right supports over a sustained period, their life functioning would improve.
Cl-
The combining form referring to the cells that have the ability to produce movement is
A seesaw made of a plank of mass m2 = 10 kg and length 3 m is balanced on a fulcrum 1 m from one end of the plank. A m1 = 20 kg mass rests on the end of the plank nearest the fulcrum. What mass must be on the other end if the plank remains balanced?
To improve visibility of atherosclerotic plaque and the wall of a vessel in B-mode, the probe should be oriented to achieve as close to _________ as possible.
Use your calculator to draw a scatterplot for the following data, where the first row represents x-values, and the second row represents y-values:     12   14   17   18   24   29   32   36   38   42     141   133   123   121   208   87   91   77   71   55     Comment on the shape of the distribution: There is a [strength] association in the [dir] direction that appears [shape].
The nurse manager observes an unknown man making copies of a patients chart. Which of the following actions should the nurse manager plan to take first?
A study was conducted during an outbreak of COVID-19 on a major college campus in Wisconsin. The researchers compared the incidence of COVID-19 among students living in dorm A (30 of 100 were infected), versus students who were not living in dorm A (20 of 1,000 were infected). The relative risk of becoming infected with COVID-19 among students in Dorm A, compared with those not living in Dorm A was:
