Write the program described below and upload the resulting .cpp file here. // Q1 Midterm// Be sure to put your name here /* Task: Ask the user to enter the numerator and denominator of a fraction and print it out as a mixed number.           For example, if the user entered 8 and 3 you would output            2  2/3         and if the user entered 6 and 3 you would output            2         and if the user entered 2 and 3 you would output                2/3                  You may assume the user does not enter 0 for either the numerator or the denominator.          You do not have to put the fraction into simplest form. */
What are the three (3) principles of personal finance? Briefly explain the importance of each.
Define: Thyamine
Which is NOT true about the genetic code?
Chapter 24   Restriction enzymes can allow for longer DNA molecules by doing which of the following?
The external ear and the epiglottis are made mostly from _____, which allows for flexibility.
The cytoplasm of a muscle fiber is called the:
Which lymphoid organ is required for the selection of a functional population of T lymphocytes (T cells) for the immune system?
Under which circumstance would a doctor request that a patient undergo a Wada test?
The lymphatic systems plays an important role in immunity.
Immediately after a large meal, your stomach would have plenty of rugae.
Smaug and the dwarves share what flaw
Le 1er mai Read the description below about the holiday celebrated in France on May 1st and answer the questions in English. Le 1er mai est considere comme la journee internationale des travailleurs ou la fete du Travail. A l'origine, cette journee etait un jour annuel de greve (strike) pour reduire (shorten) le temps de travail. A l'heure actuelle, elle est celebree dans de nombreux pays du monde mais il arrive parfois, comme c'est le cas en Amerique du Nord, qu'on la celebre a un autre moment de l'annee. Au debut du 20eme siecle, les Francais, les Suisses et les Belges ont pris l'habitude, a l'occasion du 1er mai, d'offrir aux amis et aux membres de la famille un petit bouquet de muguet (lily of the valley). Le muguet est le symbole du printemps et represente le retour de l'optimisme. Il est interessant de remarquer que l'administration fiscale autorise la vente du muguet aux travailleurs sans formalites ni taxes (without regulation or tax) le 1er mai. Dans le code du travail, le 1er mai est devenu un jour ferie et paye pour tous les salaries en 1947 mais c'est en avril 1948 qu'on adopte le nom officiel de <<fete du Travail>> en France. De nombreuses manifestations syndicales (trade union) sont organisees dans les grandes villes de France le 1er mai. Which continent celebrates this holiday at a different time of the year?
What is nonverbal communication?
A child comes to  the clinic for an ill visit. parent says she has not been acting herself lately and has been sleeping a lot. You consider a thyroid disorder and would expect which of the following to be present on exam for hyperthyroidism?
Basis for mass activation
"Nativists" believed that:
Identify the hormone labeled by "12."
Once an hypothesis is incorporated into a standard astronomical model, no further experiements are needed.
The subminimum wage that is allowed for wait staff is based on the inequity that would otherwise occur because wait staff receive tips.  Because of the tip or gratuity that is received by their wait staff, an employer has no further obligation to pay wait staff.
