DIRECTIONS: Choose the correct definition for each of the bold words in the passage.  The New King of the Dinosaurs? [A] Sports fans often imagine what would happen if two successful players from different times competed against each other. In boxing, who would win if a young Muhammad Ali were up against a young Mike Tyson? In golf, who would score better if Jack Nicklaus faced Tiger Woods? [B] Paleontologists - scientists who study fossils - like to play the same game with dinosaurs. Who would win a fight between a Tyrannosaurus rex (T. rex) and a Spinosaurus? These are two unbelievably powerful dinosaurs that never faced each other in real life. This is because the Spinosaurus lived almost 10 million years before the T. rex. The movie Jurassic Park III attempts to answer this question. After a bloody battle, the Spinosaurus eventually wins the match by breaking the neck of the T. rex. [C] For people who are not dinosaur experts, this result might be unexpected. Most people learn from a young age that the T. rex was the most dangerous and fearsome dinosaur. However, dinosaur experts are beginning to give the Spinosaurus more credit. One reason for this is because detailed information about the Spinosaurus has only been collected in the last few decades. [D] In 1914, the German paleontologist Stromer von Reichenbach first discovered some important parts of the dinosaur. These included several large spines that were clearly used to support a giant sail on the dinosaur's back. Stromer thus gave this new dinosaur the name "Spinosaurus." Until 1944, the fossils were displayed at a Munich museum. However, when Munich was bombed during World War II, all of Stromer's fossils were destroyed. For more than 50 years, very little new information about the Spinosaurus was discovered. [E] In the early 21st century, however, large sets of Spinosaurus fossils were found. As a result, we now have much more information about this amazing creature. Scientists now know that this extremely large dinosaur was almost 15 meters long and larger than the T. rex. Scientists have also learned that the Spinosaurus had many wonderful talents. One of these was its impressive swimming ability. It was also one of the only dinosaurs that could travel both on land and in water. [F] Because of its size and talent, the Spinosaurus might win another battle with the T. rex - the battle for the most interesting dinosaur. In 50 more years, the Spinosaurus might just become the world's most popular dinosaur.unexpected
When shifting to a communication orientation to alleviate communication apprehension, a speaker should focus on "I" instead of focusing on "we."
In female patients with RA and elevated platelet counts, which chromosome abnormality is most often found?
According to Sternberg's Triangular Theory of Love, a relationship that has both intimacy and passion but is low on commitment would be characterized as having _____________.
Which of the following technologies, a measure of the brain's electrical activity, have researchers been able to use successfully to learn about the brain's development in infancy?
Write an expression for 3 times the sum of 4 and a number.
Which of the following biomes spans the largest annual mean precipitation range and the narrowest annual mean temperature range?
You are in the process of a field delivery and have just delivered the baby's head. Which one of the following should you do next?
Have a great summer!
For many college professors, their own teachers served as role models. Kody Scott looked up to older gang members as his idols. In both cases, former teachers and older gang members qualify as being ________.
When do the President and the Vice-President take office?
E. coli is a species of bacteria that, under the appropriate growth conditions, is capable of growing using fermentation, anaerobic respiration, or aerobic respiration. Which of these processes yields the most amount of energy per glucose molecule for E. coli?
Which of the following is NOT a common factor in how a skeletal muscle is named?
What event launched the Puritan inquisition and sent officials hunting for witches in old Salem?
Pears and apples are in what family?
All of the following are signs of infectious diseases, except
What is the first step to creating a valid and enforceable contract?
A patient with a history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease has a living will that states he does not want mechanical ventilation if he should stop breathing on his own. As the patient's condition deteriorates, the patientasks whether he can change his decision. Which response by the nurse is best?
The ending inventory of Isaiah Company, which uses a periodic inventory system, was understated $15,000 on December 31, 2016, and understated $14,000 on December 31, 2017. Because of these errors, 2016 net income was:
What are the two main subdivisions of the nephron?
