Which of the following is not indicated by this representation?
Order: 1000 mL D5W  1/2  NS IV q8h Available: macrodrip (20 gtt/mL)   What is the drip rate? (Round to the nearest whole number) = ______   gtt/min
Which of the following findings are associated with Syndrome of Inappropriate Antidiuretic Hormone (SIADH)?
When ambu bagging or intubating a patient the what should the RT do to make it easier to see and get an airway?
You are finished! Congratulations! BEFORE YOU HIT SUBMIT, SCROLL BACK UP TO CHECK THAT YOU HAVE COMPLETED EVERYTHING. After submitting your quiz, you will have 10 minutes to navigate to the "Midterm #1 Work Upload" Assignment to upload a single PDF file of your work. You can find it by clicking on Assignments. Thank you for following instructions.
Which of the following is the chief cause of industrial smog?
Riley and Craig have been friends and roommates for many years. Lately, Riley has been feeling dissatisfied in the relationship. He notices that Craig discusses his personal problems, but he never seems to have time to listen to Riley's problems. Craig has a tendency not to clean up after himself, and he's quick to borrow "a few bucks," but never seems to repay the money. According to Equity Theory, Riley is feeling dissatisfied in the relationship because he is_____________________.
An area where the land surface is saturated or covered with water at least part of the year is a
Match the Intelligent technique with its most appropriate description: (Answers may be used more tan once)
Write each polynomial in standard form. Identify the leading coefficient. 4x + 2x5 - 6x3 + 2
Find two positive numbers whose product is 169 and whose sum is a minimum.
Metabolic Syndrome is a cluster of altered metabolic conditions that is thought to be the result of Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) and central obesity
Which cell does not build MHC-I  antigens? Copying/sharing/reproducing in any manner is prohibited. (c) Dr. Shahnaz Kanani
A 66 year old female with a history of hypertension and diabetes presents with substernal chest pressure of 2 hours duration. Her blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg, her pulse is 100 beats/min and irregular, her respirations are 22 breaths/min, and her oxygen saturation is 92% on room air. The patient does not have prescribed nitroglycerin, but her husband does. You should
Chinese and Japanese Culture In the Han Dynasty, this person was claimed to be the first emperor.
On an indefinite integral, the correct answer must have a + C.
People who have something in common, and who believe that what they have in common is significant, form a __________.
If British interest rates suddenly increase substantially relative to U.S. interest rates, the demand by U.S. investors for British pounds ____, the supply of British pounds to be sold in exchange for dollars ____, and the British pound will ____.
Part B - EXCEL TEST - Taxpayer Case  Start File:    Taxes.xlsx     Download the start file and save it as a new file with your name appended.  eg.  Taxes Your Name.xlsx   OK to navigate away from web page.   Complete the following instructions - in order if possible to produce the worksheet shown below.  Check for correct values and formatting.  You may use Excel Help, your lab textbook or online material, but remember your time is limited. Save frequently.  Rename Sheet1 Statistics. Enter the title TAXPAYER STATISTICAL REPORT in cell A1. Bold the title in cell A1, change the font size to 14, and use the Merge and Center toolbar button to center the title across cells A1 to H1. Click on the first cell in the Taxpayer information list, A4. Sort the list by Taxpayer Name in ascending order. Check for correct sorting. In cell D5 enter a formula to calculate the Total Allowance by multiplying the number of dependents in cell C5 by cell B19 which contains the allowance per dependent. Use cell references and make absolute when necessary. Use the fill handle to copy the formula in D5 down to cells D6 through D15. In cell E5 enter a formula to calculate the Total Deductions by multiplying the amount of net income in B5 by cell B20 which contains the deduction rate. Use cell references and make absolute when necessary. Use the fill handle to copy the formula in E5 down to cells E6 through E 15. Enter a formula in F5 to calculate Taxable Income by subtracting the total allowance and deductions (the smaller amounts) from the net income (the larger amount). Use cell references and make absolute when necessary. Fill the formula in F5 down to cells F6 through F15. Save workbook. Insert a new worksheet and name it Tax Table.  On the Tax Table sheet, enter the following beginning in cell A1 to be used for a lookup table range in the function described in Step 18 below. (Note: You should NOT create an Excel Table; just create a simple structured range of data for the lookup table.)      INCOME TAX   0 0   15500 1860   32500 4875   45000 6750   75000 11250   90000 16200        To name the new lookup table, select the data only - no text labels, and name the selected data range TaxScale.   Save workbook.   Return to the Statistics sheet and enter a Vlookup function in cell G5 to look up the Taxable Income in F5 to find the amount of Tax Owed by looking in the TaxScale lookup table. When entering the function find the table_array name by using the Use in Formula drop-down list under Define Names.   Fill the formula in cell G5 down to cells G6 through G15.    Save.   In cell F16 enter the text Total Taxes; format for bold and to align to the right.   Use a function in cell G16 to sum the taxes in the range from G5 through G15.   In cell F17 enter the text Average Taxes; format for bold and  align to the right.   Use a function in cell G17 to find the mean or average tax amount in the range from G5 through G15.   In cell H5 use an if function to determine which taxpayers are paying Tax Above the Mean. If the amount of tax owed is above the mean (average) tax, display the text "Above Mean", otherwise display an empty cell using the empty text string "". Use cell references and apply absolute when necessary. Fill the formula in cell H5 down to cells H6 through H15. Right align the text in column H.   Format the column headings on row 4 for bold font, wrap the text and align left or right as indicated in the solution example below. Insert the bottom aligned border across row 4 to cells A4 - H4.   In rows 5 - 17 format the numbers contained in columns B, D, E, F, and G as currency (not accounting) with a $ sign and no decimal places. Include the total and average values in cells G16:G17 in this formatting group.   Center the number of dependents stored in the range C5 through C15.   Add a top aligned border on row 16 to cells A16:H16.   Select cells A19 and A20 and format them for bold font and wrapped text aligned to the right. Adjust column A width and rows 19 and 20 heights so that your worksheet is formatted as shown below.   Select cell B19 containing the allowance per dependent and format it to currency with 2 decimals.   Select cell B20 containing the deduction rate and change the format to a percentage with 2 decimals.   Adjust column widths and row heights as necessary to match format shown in Step 2 above. All data in columns A - H should fit on one page when formatted to print in PORTRAIT orientation.  Save your workbook.   Using the data in the Statistics worksheet create a 3-D Pie Chart to show the percentage of taxes owed by each taxpayer. The data should include only the information in cells A5 through A15 and G5 through G15.   Once the initial chart is created, under the Chart Tools, Design tab, Location group, click the Move Chart button to move the chart to a New Sheet named Tax Chart.  This is a new "chart sheet" which has no cells! And it should default to landscape orientation; if not change to landscape. Under the Chart Layouts group, Quick Layouts select Layout1 to add a title and data labels but no legend. Change the title to "Income Tax Owed". Format the chart title to bold and 24 point.   Right-click in the middle of the chart and select Format Data Labels. Under Label Positions, select the Outside End option button. Format the data labels to bold, 14 point. Format the chart title to bold and 24 point. Right-click again on the chart, select 3-D Rotation and change the Perspective to 25 degrees. If necessary to make chart fit on one page (see image below), click to select the Chart Plot Area and click on one of the corner sizing handles to reduce the chart size.   Adjust the data labels individually if necessary to clearly indicate the taxpayer for each piece of the pie.  Save your workbook when the chart looks similar to the example below.      Move the sheets as necessary to put them in the following order: Statistics, Tax Table and Tax Chart.   Select all three sheets and group them to add a custom footer to all at one time. For the left footer type in your name. For the center footer get values directly from the computer system using the file and sheet (tab) buttons to place on two lines the file name and sheet For the right footer use the system date button to get the current date.   Use print preview to verify that the footer appears on all the worksheets. You should find that the footer is either on only the worksheets (with cells) or only the graphical chart sheet. In Excel the two different types of sheets will not respond the same when grouped.  Which type is active is determined by the type of the first sheet in the group.   Therefore you need to specify the same footer in the sheet(s) where it is missing but first UNGROUP and SAVE. You may need to click on the VIEW tab to return to Normal view.   Spell check all worksheets in the file and make any necessary corrections.  View the worksheets using print preview. Make sure that all data labels and values are displaying correctly.  Check all formatting. Print preview should provide WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) when printed. Click on the Show Margins button in print preview mode to display the margin and column division markers.  (The Show Margins and Zoom buttons are at the bottom right of the print preview window.) On the Statistics worksheet adjust column widths if necessary so that all column headings are printing in two lines and be sure that all your numbers are displaying rather than ####. Save workbook.  To create a copy of the Statistics sheet that will display the cell formulas, right-click on the Statistics sheet name, select Move or Copy Sheet and copy it to the same workbook, under Before sheet: click on (move to end) for position and be sure to check the box for Create a copy. Rename the sheet Statistics Formulas and display the cell formulas by clicking the Show Formulas button on the Formulas   NOTE: Reformat ONLY this new Statistics Formula worksheet (not the original Statistics worksheet).In Page Layout, Page Setup group, click the Orientation button and select Landscape; click on the Margins button and use Custom Margins to set left and right margins to .5 inches. In the Sheet Options group check the boxes to print the Gridlines and Headings (row and column).  Adjust column widths to the minimum width required, being certain that the complete cell formulas and labels are displayed and readable. Use Print Preview mode to verify that the worksheet is printing on one page. If not, under Settings change No Scaling option to Fit All Columns on One Page. The desired result is to print the worksheet at 100% but use the Page Setup link and verify on the Page tab that the Scaling is not less than 80% of normal size.  Do not set scaling for 80%.  If your worksheet is below 80% or all formulas are not displayed, activate the Show Margins button to adjust column widths as necessary while in print preview.   Verify that this worksheet has the same footer information as specified for the other worksheets.   Verify that the other three worksheets have NOT been altered or reformatted since step 44; if not, save workbook.  Upload completed workbook and Submit Quiz for grading.  Then with webcam on, BEFORE selecting to END PROCTORING, delete all copies of file from your computer using SHIFT-DELETE keys.
The nurse is treating a client who is 20 weeks pregnant for a strained ankle at the Urgent Care clinic.  The client asks what the appropriate amount of weight she should be gaining in her pregnancy.  Which of the following correctly identifies the range of acceptable weight gain in pregnancy for a client with a normal BMI?
