An ultraoligotrophic lake has been isolated and unchanged for more than a thousand years.  Since humans now have developed the ability to grow algae in water and then turn that algae into oil which we can use to make gasoline, one day a company buys this lake and tries to grow algae in it.  Given the historic and current lack of nutrients, the algae just won't grow very well and the company goes out of business.  Which statement below about this lake is correct?
It is important to spell out the goals of a study precisely before collection and analysis of data are conducted
Part 2. The following 8 short essay questions are designed to evaluate critical thinking/reasoning skills.  You do not need to answer all of the questions.  What you need to do is choose 2 the following questions to answer on the attached sheet of paper (correctly number which questions you chose). If you answer more than 2 questions, only the 1st two will be graded. (5 pts. each) 1) Mountains will form at oceanic-oceanic, oceanic-continental, and continental-continental boundaries.  Each area has unique characteristics that result in certain types of mountains.  Pick 2, briefly discuss how the mountains form, and what is different between the two boundaries. 2) Briefly discuss how temperature, confining pressure, time, and rock type all affect the way rocks will deform.  (Hint: Do not forget that these factors can be interrelated). 3) Briefly describe how water affects mass wasting.  Your answer needs to go beyond just saying that water increases weight. 4) Provide at least three examples of how humans can increase the probability of mass wasting and how those events increase the chance. 5) Velocity, gradient, and discharge all affect a streams ability to do "work".  Pick two and describe what their effects are on streams. 6) Since dams and levees are useful for trying to control flooding, why is it then that they are sometimes controversial and considered to do more harm than good? 7) What causes the subsidence that sometimes accompanies groundwater use? Why is it important to be knowledgeable about subsidence? 8) How can limestone be dissolved by groundwater when it is almost insoluble in pure water? How does this happen?
ICD-10-CM category I15 describes secondary hypertension. Which diagnostic statement is assigned a code from ICD-10-CM category I15?
In humans, the superior vena cava
Which condition does the nurse suspect in a patient with a glomerular filtration rate (GFR) of 10 mL/minute, a blood urea nitrogen (BUN) level of 23 mg/dL, a potassium level of 4 mEq/L, and a serum bicarbonate level of 20 mEq/L?
Identify the vessels labeled C[C], D[D], and F[F].
A nurse is caring for a patient who requires neurologic checks. When performing the assessment, how should the nurse evaluate the patient's "thinking" process?
If the + operator is used on strings, it produces a string that is a combination of the two strings used as its operands.
In U.S. v. American Library Association:
An incorporation of various cultures into an educational curriculum is:
The most important step in the detection and diagnosis for confirmation of a primary bone tumor is
The discussion of minimum wage and poverty level in class pertains to organizations acting ethically in terms of employees as stakeholders.
Which of the following actions would increase the rate of a reaction?
What is the output produced from the following statement?
As with dental caries, nutrition can initiate periodontal disease. Suppuration, which is an increased oral clearance time of food, contributes to both periodontal disease and dental caries.
The role of bile in fat digestion is to...
The first step of gene therapy is to alter the genome of a _________ by genetically modifying it.
Which of the following expenses incurred by a department store is a direct cost for the women's shoe department?
When more action potentials arrive at the axon terminal, how are neurotransmitters affected?
