Which of the following describes bones united by fibrocartilage?
PART II - BONUS QUESTIONS  The following are bonus questions. Points WILL NOT be deducted, even if you answer the questions wrong. Read the following news article and answer the questions at the end.     Boning Up Against Breast Cancer: How It Can Alter Its Structure to Help It Spread Karla Lant, the Science Times A team of scientists from the University of Sheffield and University of Copenhagen have discovered an enzyme which helps breast cancer spread, and in the process, have found a possible way to prevent the spread of breast cancer-secondary or metastatic cancer-in patients. Bones are the most common routes breast cancer takes as it spreads, involved in about 85 percent of secondary breast cancer cases. The work took place in London at the Institute of Cancer Research. The team discovered the primary tumor releases the enzyme LysYl Oxidase (LOX) which causes holes in bone. This is how the cancer prepares for more cancer cells, creating a home for them in the holey bones. According to team leader Dr. Alison Gartland of the Department of Human Metabolism at the University of Sheffield, "This is important progress in the fight against breast cancer metastasis and these findings could lead to new treatments to stop secondary breast tumors growing in the bone, increasing the chances of survival for thousands of patients." The researchers believe that early detection of LOX in estrogen receptor negative (ER negative) patients will allow doctors to block its action, preventing damage to the bones and metastasis. The team also proved that treatment with an existing class of osteoporosis drug, bisphosphonate, can prevent the changes. This treatment prevented breast cancer from spreading in mice. Dr. Gartland believes this important research may provide cancer patients with a better prognosis over the long term. "We are really excited about our results that show breast cancer tumors send out signals to destroy the bone before cancer cells get there in order to prepare the bone for the cancer cells' arrival. The next step is to find out exactly how the tumor secreted LOX interacts with bone cells to be able to develop new drugs to stop the formation of the bone lesions and cancer metastasis. This could also have implications for how we treat other bone diseases too." Study co-leader Dr. Janine Erler of the Biotech Research and Innovation Centre (BRIC) at the University of Copenhagen, said, "Once cancer spreads to the bone it is very difficult to treat. Our research has shed light on the way breast cancer cells prime the bone so it is ready for their arrival. If we were able to block this process and translate our work to the clinic, we could stop breast cancer in its tracks thereby extending patients' lives." Senior Research Communications Manager Katherine Woods of Breast Cancer Campaign and Breakthrough Breast Cancer said, "By unveiling the role that the protein LOX is playing, these results open up a whole new avenue for research and treatments that could stop breast cancer spreading to the bone. The research also adds weight to the growing body of evidence supporting the role of bisphosphonates in stopping secondary breast cancer in its tracks. The reality of living with secondary breast cancer in the bone is a stark one, which leaves many women with bone pain and fractures that need extensive surgery just when they need to be making the most of the time they have left with friends and family." The research was published this week in the journal Nature.        The diagram above suggests that the enzyme LOX may causes holes in bone tissue through X cells. What could be the X cells?
NATO
Carlos is turning 65 years of age and has been receiving Social Security benefits. Which of the following statements concerning his eligibility for Medicare benefits is correct?
Multiple layers of cells for mechanical and chemical protection are referred to as __________.
New world monkeys differ from old world monkeys by:
What term has been used for thousands of years to describe regional structures of political, economic, and military rule?
ELO 3.07 Using a calculator and given the information for the Bruin Coffee Company above, what is the firm's Times Interest Earned ratio?
Community ____ is the description and analysis of patterns and processes within a community.
The process by which a person selects a partner and develops a commitment to marriage is known as __________. Access Textbook
In Freud's theory, what is an Oedipus complex?
A soccer player takes a shot on goal 15 times and scores a goal 3 of those attempts. What are the odds of the soccer player scoring a goal?
Under what circumstances will a reinforcer make the target response more likely to occur again?
Select the order that best reflects how blood flows through the heart.
The type of memory required for success as a radiography student is:
The _________ symbolized the flowering of African American culture in the 1920s.
You and your lab partner are observing a cell under a microscope, but you do not know whether it is a eukaryote or a prokaryote. Which of the following observations regarding the chromosomes would you use to immediately conclude that the cell is a eukaryote?
Listen to the audio file. Put Ignacio's  activities in order (1-5) according to the days of the week on which they occur.
If the walls built above the perimeter of the floor above uses a 2x6 DF #2 or better studs @ 16" O.C., what is the total number of studs in the north wall only?
What type of receptor is not an enzyme, but is directly associated with an enzyme that can hydrolyze GTP?
