Researchers who wanted to see if drinking grape juice could help people lower their blood pressure got 120 non-smokers to volunteer for a study. They measured each person's blood pressure and then randomly divided the subjects into two groups. One group drank a glass of grape juice every day while the other did not. After sixty days the researchers measured everyone's blood pressure again. They reported that differences in changes in blood pressure between the groups were not statistically significant.a. Was this an experiment or an observational study? Explain briefly.b. Briefly explain what "not statistically significant" means in this context.c. Briefly explain why the researchers randomly assigned the subjects to the groups.d. Since everyone's blood pressure was measured at the beginning and at the end of the study, the researchers could have simply looked at the grape juice drinkers to see if their blood pressure changed. Briefly explain why the researchers bothered to include the control group.e. Briefly explain why the researchers studied only non-smokers.f. Other researchers now plan to replicate this study using both smokers and non-smokers. Briefly describe the design strategy you think they should use.
Law on the books projects an image of a mechanical process that runs by itself, law in action emphasizes discretion and choices.
Which chest x-ray view is best used to identify excess pleural fluid?
Following someone through a secure door for access without using an authorized ID card or pass code is called ________. (Choose the most specific answer.)
A nurse is caring for a client admitted with pneumonia. Initial assessment data collected by the nurse includes the following findings: temperature 101 degrees F; respirations 28/min, blood pressure 132/80; heart rate 98/minute, and SaO2 89% on room air. Prioritize the following nursing interventions. (place in order of completion)
Entering new markets through acquisitions of companies with new products is not risk-free, especially if acquisition becomes a substitute for:
Blood plasma is located in which of the following fluid compartments?
An 83-year-old patient presents to the ER following a fall. Her C5 vertebrae has shattered, and shards of bone have entered the anterolateral aspect of her spinal cord. The anterolateral pathway is damaged on the left. What neurological symptoms would you expect this patient to present with below the C5 level?
Which of the following hormones will increase blood glucose levels when they are too low:
Which of the following organizations has been responsible for setting U.S. accounting standards?
I will be able to wear a hoodie, hat, or headphones during an Honorlock exam.
You are standing in a moving UCF shuttle bus, facing forward, and you suddenly fall forward as the bus comes to an immediate stop. The force acting on you that causes you to fall forward is
The figure below shows the skater of assignment 4 sliding on a track. Assuming the skater starts from rest at point A, and that potential energy reference is on the ground as indicated by the dashed line, which of the four energy bar charts corresponds to point B?
Timed urine collections can be categorized into all of the following types except:
Magdala is a citizen of Italy and does not have permanent resident status in the United States. During the last three years, she has spent a number of days in the United States:    Current year - 120 days   First prior year - 150 days   Second prior year - 150 days      Is Magdala treated as a U.S. resident for the current year?
Read the passage  Address to  Annual Meeting of the American Equal Rights Association, and then answer the following question(s).What is one strategy Sojourner Truth uses to appeal to the emotions of the audience?
Find the median for the given sample data.The ages (in years) of the eight passengers on a bus are listed below. 9 4 21 17 29 45 32 32Find the median age.
A solution of 44.3% ethanol and 55.7% acetone by mass is made. What is the vapor pressure of this ideal solution? Normal vapor pressure of ethanol is 60.8 torr, normal vapor pressure of acetone is 225 torr. Molar mass of ethanol is 46.07 g/mol Molar mass of acetone is 58.02 g/mol
Hearing is facilitated by the _________ lobe of the cerebral cortex
You have obtained the following values from a mechanically ventilated pt in the VC A/C mode with a VT of 550 mL, a rate of 18, and a FiO2 of 60%.  The blood gas reads as follows: pH 7.38 PaCO2 42 PaO2 80 HCO3 24 Capnography reveals that the average expired CO2 is 31 mmHg Find the pts VD/VT ratio.  Which of the following is true regarding this value? I. this value provides an index of wasted ventilation per breath II. this value indicates that there is increased dead space III. this value indicates that there is normal dead space IV.  this value indicates that there is decreased dead space
