3.4.1   Skryf 'n paragraaf waarin jy verduidelik hoe emosionele en sielkundige behoeftes ons voedselkeuses kan beinvloed.   (4)
~
Read the passage from The Promised Land, and then answer the following question(s).How does the author's attitude toward school compare to that of many students who are born and raised in the United States?
On February 1, 2020 (t = 0, today), a company is interested in purchasing 1-year zero coupon Treasury bond with the proceeds of a sale of equipment ($200 million dollars) to take place on February 1, 2021 (The maturity date of the 1-year zero coupon Treasury bond is February 1, 2022). The company is interested in locking in the price of the Treasuries today through a forward contract. Using the forward contract, the company is planning to invest all of the proceeds of a sale of equipment ($200M). You observe the following zero-coupon bond prices (with F = $100 and maturity T) on February 1, 2020.    t T     0 0.5 98.2   0 1.0 96.2   0 1.5 94.0   0 2.0 91.5   0 2.5 89.2   0 3.0 86.7      (a) What would be the forward price (i.e. the fair value: , per 1-unit) of a 1-year zero coupon treasury bond (with M = February 1, 2022)?  Assume that the face value of the bond is $100.   : [answer1]   (b) Suppose you observe that a bank quotes the following forward price for a 1-year zero coupon bond: , which allows you to buy or short-sell the bond at the quoted forward price after 1-year from now. Is there an arbitrage opportunity? If there is, how would you take advantage of it? Describe the exact transactions that you need to make in order to obtain an arbitrage profit. Note: please assume that you would like to generate positive cash-flows today and no other cash flows in the future.  (Step 1.)  You [answer2] 1-unit of the 1-year zero coupon bond at the bank's quoted forward price at .  (Step 2.) You [answer3] [answer4]-units of a 1-year zero coupon bond at  today. (Step 3.) You [answer5] 1-unit of a 2-year zero coupon bond at  today. (Step 4.) As a result, your take the arbitrage profit of $[answer6] today, with no other cash flows in the future.    (c) Today (t=0), February 1, 2020, you enter into a forward rate agreement (FRA) with a bank for the period starting February 1, 2021 to August 1, 2021. Notional amount is $200 million dollars. You enter the FRA as a payer of the fixed rate () and a receiver of the floating rate (). Both rates are semiannually compounded interest rates. What is the value of the FRA at inception (t = 0)? [answer7] Six months later (August 1, 2020 or t = 0.5), you have second thoughts and consider that maybe you should get out of the transaction. You observe the new term structure of interest rates as follows.     t T     0.5 1.0 0.985   0.5 1.5 0.975   0.5 2.0 0.965   0.5 2.5 0.955    What is the value of the FRA on August 1, 2020?[answer8]
Translate the signed sentence into standard written English. Use appropriate punctuation, capitalization, and spelling.
List the 4 groups of people that are most prone to be lactose intolerant.  (4 answers)
Why is it important to describe your feelings in negotiating conflict?
Which of the following hemodynamic values indicate an appropriate response to the interventions in the care of the client with septic shock?
What is the name of this specimen ? Streak = white Hardness = 6    _______
A minimum wage of $7.25 per hour can cause structural unemployment if the equilibrium wage is:
The nodes of Ranvier are:
What statement made by a new mother indicates she needs additional information about breastfeeding?
Which of the following items can you definitively say is part of the underground economy?
DIRECTIONS: Choose the correct definition for each of the bold words in the passage.  The New King of the Dinosaurs? [A] Sports fans often imagine what would happen if two successful players from different times competed against each other. In boxing, who would win if a young Muhammad Ali were up against a young Mike Tyson? In golf, who would score better if Jack Nicklaus faced Tiger Woods? [B] Paleontologists - scientists who study fossils - like to play the same game with dinosaurs. Who would win a fight between a Tyrannosaurus rex (T. rex) and a Spinosaurus? These are two unbelievably powerful dinosaurs that never faced each other in real life. This is because the Spinosaurus lived almost 10 million years before the T. rex. The movie Jurassic Park III attempts to answer this question. After a bloody battle, the Spinosaurus eventually wins the match by breaking the neck of the T. rex. [C] For people who are not dinosaur experts, this result might be unexpected. Most people learn from a young age that the T. rex was the most dangerous and fearsome dinosaur. However, dinosaur experts are beginning to give the Spinosaurus more credit. One reason for this is because detailed information about the Spinosaurus has only been collected in the last few decades. [D] In 1914, the German paleontologist Stromer von Reichenbach first discovered some important parts of the dinosaur. These included several large spines that were clearly used to support a giant sail on the dinosaur's back. Stromer thus gave this new dinosaur the name "Spinosaurus." Until 1944, the fossils were displayed at a Munich museum. However, when Munich was bombed during World War II, all of Stromer's fossils were destroyed. For more than 50 years, very little new information about the Spinosaurus was discovered. [E] In the early 21st century, however, large sets of Spinosaurus fossils were found. As a result, we now have much more information about this amazing creature. Scientists now know that this extremely large dinosaur was almost 15 meters long and larger than the T. rex. Scientists have also learned that the Spinosaurus had many wonderful talents. One of these was its impressive swimming ability. It was also one of the only dinosaurs that could travel both on land and in water. [F] Because of its size and talent, the Spinosaurus might win another battle with the T. rex - the battle for the most interesting dinosaur. In 50 more years, the Spinosaurus might just become the world's most popular dinosaur.paleontologist
Todd gets miffed at Jada and tells her that she is a rude, inconsiderate, selfish, thoughtless, careless, insensitive, pushy, discourteous, nut case.  Which of the eight attributes of supportive communication has Todd most blatantly violated?
Which of the following processes directly contributes the energy required to pump protons across the cell membrane of a bacterial cell during cell respiration?
Tangent pile walls can be used as water barriers.
The health care prescriber has written an order for Digoxin (Lanoxin) 0.5 mg by mouth every 8 hours. How many tablets with you give per dose?
Andrew is in a car accident and fractures his maxilla.  To which group of bones does this belong?
Order: Pfizerpen 400,000 units IM Q12hours x5 days. Rotate sites as this medication is irritating to tissues. What do you note on the label of this medication at time of reconstitution?
