Three point charges are fixed in space on the coordinate system shown below. The coordinate axes are marked in meters.      a) Find the electric field at point P, located at the origin. b) Calculate the electric field at a point P' at position r= 11 mi + 8 mj [ r=(11 m, 8 m)]. c) Find the force on an additional charge of qo=-6.4x10-6 C placed at the origin. d) What is the force on a charge of 4.9x10-2 C if it is placed at point P'? part a)  Now calculate the magnitudes of each of the contributions to the electric field at point P.    = 1.636   x  105 N/C    = 1.001   x  105 N/C    = 9.250   x  105 N/C 9. Find the x-component for charge 2.  Put in scientific notation and just type in the coefficient rounding to 3 decimal places. Do not include units. Include the direction. E2x=           x104
Why is the travel and work angle important?
The nurse is providing care to a client diagnosed with left lower extremity (LLE) deep vein thrombosis (DVT). The prescriber has ordered warfarin 20 mg (an anticoagulant) by mouth daily. The client is concern about the medication action. Which action by the nurse is considered unsafe?
H2(g)  =   2H(g)                   Kc = 1.1 Which reaction mixture(s) below would proceed towards the products to reestablish equilibrium?
Please ensure that you UPLOAD your written response on the second upload button
The mode of action of antimicrobial peptides (AMPs) like bacteriocins, dermicidins, and defensins is:
Nutritional assessment is a one-time, isolated event that occurs at the beginning of a patient's nutrition-related care
The baseline fetal heart rate is 135 beats per minute. Following contractions, the fetus develops late decelerations. Which nursing intervention should be implemented first?
Why is a strategic narrative needed?
A 32-year-old female presents with acute left sided abdominal pain, light headedness, nausea, and vomiting since yesterday. She reports no fever or diarrhea. She has irregular menses but reports that she just started vaginal bleeding yesterday. The NP first orders:
Urine output _____ milliliters per hour indicates possible renal failure.
The First United States Volunteer Cavalry was also known as the __________.
Tom buys Myrtle a:
How are bacteria able to cause dental cavities?
Please respond to the following statement.  I have not given, received, or used any unauthorized assistance.
Which of the following methods was the primary way that extrasolar planets were first detected around other star systems?
A needs assessment for IT investments should include all of the following except:
Your patient is being treated for prostate cancer.  The patient is starting their 4th week of treatment.  The patient is being treated on a Varian 2100 CD accelerator (calculated SSD 100cm).  He is receiving IMRT treatments to 7 different ports.  The prescription of the initial dose is 45 Gy to the tumor bed at 1.8Gy per fraction.  The patient will also be receiving a boost of 32.4 Gy to the tumor bed at 1.8 Gy per fraction.  The prostate is located 9.6 cm posterior to the anterior surface of the patient and 18.7 cm from the patient's right side.  The patient's AP/PA separation is 33.7 cm and the lateral separation is 37.4 cm. What is the total number of fractions the patient will receive?
The Lewis Structure of chloride ion represent 7 valence electrons.
What is the name of the snail shaped structure in the inner ear that contains a fluid filled channel?
