CONGRATULATIONS...You finished the Exam!! Before SUBMITTING your Exam, please make sure you:   Rip up your scrap paper in front of the WebCam.  Then Submit your Exam.    GRADING:  Your Raw Score is NOT your final grade. I will grade the Free Response and Extra Credit questions and add points to your Exam. In addition, I review each student's exam and award partial credit for questions in which you may have inverted a conversion factor or determined the correct answer but did not select the answer with the correct number of significant figures.
For the alpha subunit of a trimeric G protein, ... GPCR: G-protein-coupled receptor GEF:  guanine nucleotide exchange factor  GAP: GTPase-activating protein  EGS: effector of G protein signaling
Which statement about Arthropod respiration is correct?.
When teaching about accident prevention to a group of high school juniors (third year of high school), the school nurse's primary focus would be on which of the following?
Answer the following three questions about the above image. What is the sex of the structure shown by label B? [v1] Is this plant a gymnosperm or an angiosperm? [v2] Is everything visible in this image haploid (1N) or diploid (2N)? [v3]
Which statement best describes how climate might change if Earth were 75% land and 25% water?
Problem 10 (10 points) - write your answer on paper Suppose that you are working with a dataset with 3 classes, ,  and , with 50 samples in , 100 samples in  and 50 samples in . You train a classifier and observe the following:   42 samples of  are correctly classified, 3 are misclassified as  and 5 is misclassified as    95 samples of  are correctly classified, 3 are misclassified as  and 2 are misclassified as    42 samples of  are correctly classified, 6 are misclassified as  and 2 are misclassified as    Answer the following questions: (a) (5 points) Build the confusion matrix for this classifier and compute the overall accuracy for this classifier. (b) (5 points) Build the matrix of true positives (TP), true negatives (TN), false positives (FP) and false negatives (FN) for the class . What is the accuracy for class ?
Why do peripheral reflexes happen so quickly?
All of the following characteristics can be associated with the nucleus EXCEPT:
The darkly stained band that occurs where two cardiac muscle cells join together is called a(n)
Which endocrine alteration results in low urine output, high urine specific gravity (concentration), hyponatremia, and weight gain?
Which protocol is used to access a Windows desktop interface remotely?
American settlers introduced quilting to Native women to "_____" them.
The nerve gas, sarin, was used during World War II as chemical warfare. Sarin inhibits the effects of acetylcholinesterase at the synapse. Predict how sarin will affect muscle contraction.
How can Dada be described?
Which of the following made the Catholic Church the final authority on matters of faith?
What is the substance added to dyes to make them more colorfast?
What is an example of a fissure?
A U.S. bank issued a 30-day CD denominated in Canadian dollars (CA$) 5 million and converted the CA$ to United States (US) dollars at a spot rate of $0.80/CA$.  The bank engaged in a 30-day forward contract at a price of $0.79/CA$ to protect itself from foreign exchange risk as it anticipates that the exchange rate will change to $0.805/CA$ when the CD becomes repayable.  Based on your answer in the previous question, what is the foreign exchange profit or loss on the forward contract when is settled?
Based on the study by Shariff and Norenzayan (2007) , if you are religious and pass by several churches, then a block or so later a homeless person asks you for change, how are you likely to behave?
