Bonus Question: Option (b) Directions: Question 26(b) is a free response question whose answer you must submit as a handwritten document. Write your solution on a sheet of paper with your name and student ID#, scan and upload your file as a single document.  Write your solution on a sheet of paper with your name and student ID#, When you are ready to submit your entire exam (i.e., all 25 questions and the bonus question), alert your Honorlock proctor that you need permission to access your cellphone or scanning device and internet to scan and upload your free response solution using the Honorlock chat feature. Copy and paste this text into the Honorlock chat:  Hello Honorlock, I have completed all questions in my exam and I am ready to submit my free response question. Please allow me to use my mobile device to scan and upload my free response question, as well as grant access to use my email. By choosing this question, you agree to the following:  I have been granted permission by my instructor to use a cellphone or other mobile scanning device to scan and upload my free response question. The cellphone has not and will not be used for any other purpose. I have also been granted permission to use the internet only as a means to access the scanned document in my email. Students may also access file folders such as "Downloads" to access the scanned document for submission.     Scan and upload your free response question here. You will be allocated an additional 10 minutes to complete this process.  If for technical reasons you are unable to upload your bonus question through Canvas, email the solution to your bonus question immediately after the submission of your exam.   Submit exam.  By choosing this question, you agree to the following:  I have been granted permission by my instructor to use a cellphone or other mobile scanning device to scan and upload my free response question. The cellphone has not and will not be used for any other purpose. I have also been granted permission to use the internet only as a means to access the scanned document in my email. Students may also access file folders such as "Downloads" to access the scanned document for submission.        Question: Eric purchases only two commodities. His preferences are characterized by the utility function U(x1, x2) = x11/4 x23/4 The consumer has an income level of M = $100, the price of x1 is given as p1 = $10, and the price of x2 is given as p2 = $15. Identify the optional consumption choice (x1*, x2*) using the Lagrangian Method of optimization. Be sure to show all work in a clear organized manner to receive full credit.
Unintentional injuries are the leading cause of death and permanent disability among children under the age of 14.
Which of the following organisms belong to the Echinodermata phylum?
Suppose over the next several years the technology of producing electric cars improves dramatically. The advance in technology leads to
The specialized form of speech that adults use with very young infants is known as
Classify each bone as part of either the axial or appendicular skeleton.
46. Which if the following sleep-related changes are seen in older adults?
How did graphic design begin? How did the field come about?
Abstract art was distancing itself from what style of expression?
Read the Hawaii and Its Volcanoes passages, and then answer the following question(s).How are Hawaii's volcanoes like all volcanoes?
When used for Angina, beta blockers work by doing what?
Which race is currently the most prevalent among the individuals using hospice care services?
A 68-year-old male presents to the ER reporting chest pain. He has a history of stable angina that now appears to be unstable. He MOST LIKELY has:
According to the author, all of these countries would spark a war if they were to join NATO EXCEPT
Which of the following is NOT a step in the cut-and-paste model of transposition?
What is the suggested care for this ECG rhythm, if any?
Which of the following hazards may be encountered by EMS personnel at the scene of a motor-vehicle collision?
In a child-centered kindergarten, instruction is organized around the child's
Which statement is incorrect about gait speed and its two components?
Which type of expenditure would probably be the hardest for an individual to track?
