VRAAG 3     Rian is Greg se pa. Hy het aangebied om vir die aflewering van Greg se geskenke te betaal, maar hy het gese dat hy eers na die gesin se begroting sal kyk.      INKOMSTE  UITGAWES    Rian se salaris R27 000 Huur  R5 000   Mary se salaris A Mediese fonds  B   Rente op beleggings R1 000 Kar paaiement R4 700     Skool fooie R1 860     Kruideniersware  R3 000     Vermaak R1 500     Water en elektrisiteit R1 200     Selfoon kontrak R1 800     Wifi R400     Petrol R3 000   Totale Inkomste R40 000 Totale Uitgawes C          3.1   Bereken Mary se salaris (A)   (2)     3.2   Bereken hoeveel hulle elke maand vir mediesefonds betaal (B) as hul mediesefonds die helfte van die huurgeld is.   (2)     3.3   Bereken hul totale uitgawes (C).   (2)     3.4   Toon hul begroting 'n oorskot of tekort? Gee 'n rede vir jou antwoord en toon alle berekeninge.   (3)     3.5   Teken die volgende tabel op jou antwoordblad en vul dit in om al hul vaste en veranderlike uitgawes te toon.       Vaste uitgawes    Bedrag   Veranderlike uitgawes    Bedrag                       Totaal   Totaal             (6)     3.6   Noem een soort uitgawe wat in hul begroting ontbreek.   (1)
Which of the following is true of depolarization? 1. It is the trigger for myocardial contraction 2. Involves a rapid influx of K+ into the cell 3. Involves a rapid influx of Na+ into the cell 4. Results in sudden loss of negative charge
Patients with McArdle's Disease lack an enzyme in their livers that catabolizes glycogen.  These individuals tire easily during exercise.  Which of the following would best explain this symptom?
The nurse is explaining the components of a complete problem statement/nursing diagnosis. In addition to the NANDA stem and etiology, which other component should the diagnosis include?
Common organizing tools include:
A rip current is a strong flow of water moving _______.
Bert gave his buddy Ernie $1000 to invest in the stock market for him.  Ernie had no intent to invest it, and absconded to Mexico.
As  a result of the baroreceptor reflex, if blood pressure decreases, the reflex compensates by producing what effect on heart rate?
Use the shell method to set up and evaluate the integral that gives the volume of the solid generated by revolving the plane region bounded by   about the x-axis.
What will occur if you consistently add extra calories from alcoholic beverages to a diet that is already meeting your daily calorie needs?
Which of the following statements is incorrect, in regard to an assessment of an internal audit function's quality control?
A nurse assesses a patient with the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Stroke Scale and determines the patient's score to be 36. How should the nurse plan care for this patient?
Nine-year-old Krista gives part of her allowance to charity and collects canned goods for the food bank through her scout troop. Krista is developing __________.
What is the function of the area labelled D?
A 58 year old male is admitted after a myocardial infarction (MI). Which of the following would be an unexpected structural or functional change after an MI?
16. (2 points) Use radical notation to rewrite the expression. Simplify, if possible.
There is growing evidence that very high consumption of red meat is associated with increased risk for some forms of _____.
It is okay to allow bad attitudes to affect your performance sometimes.
Daily prayer is one of the
Which of the following is a "floating rib"?
