Divide, using long division:
Multiple Choice Question :                                                                                     Emergent properties are
The structure labeled A is the ___________.
For the following reaction which of the following increases the concentration of PCl3 at equilibrium :       PCl5(g)  PCl3(g) + Cl2(g)        DH = 92 kJ
BrightHawk, Inc., a Florida corporation with principal place of business in Akron, Ohio, has developed a highly advanced heat-sensing night vision system with a number of applications, including nocturnal animal-tracking, heat-activated GPS co-location and anti-tank detection, tracking and targeting.  BrightHawk, Inc. manufactures its night-vision sensors in Akron and at the facilities of its wholly owned Mexican subsidiary BrightHawk, Ltd., in the city of Tijuana, State of Baja California, Mexico.    Last year, BrightHawk, Ltd. sold and delivered one-hundred of its night vision sensors to BolivarTech, a Venezuelan government-controlled company and renowned Fuerza Armada Nacional ("FAN") supplier.  [FAN is the official name of the unified military forces of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela].  Several of these sensors have now been installed in FAN-controlled islands that form the Venezuelan archipelago in the Caribbean Sea.  These islands are not too far from Aruba, Bonaire, and Curacao ("ABC islands"), which are part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, a close ally of the United States.      Recently BolivarTech placed an order with BrightHawk, Ltd. for 2,500 additional night vision devices, at a "total price of $7.5 bi. Mexican pesos" (i.e., 15 million in US dollars), to be paid by a confirmed, irrevocable letter of credit.  On September 3, 2020, BolivarTech sent BrightHawk, Ltd. a purchase order form (drafted in English) that contained the following clause:   [37.]     Dispute Resolution: The laws of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela shall apply to this Contract.  Any dispute arising from or in connection with this Contract shall be finally settled by arbitration before the Venezuelan International Arbitration Commission (VIAC) in the Capital District of Caracas, Venezuela.   The next day, BrightHawk, Ltd. promptly acknowledged this order on its standard order acknowledgment form, which contained the following clauses:   [43.]     Choice of Law: This Agreement and all other contracts related to this agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America.   [44.]     Choice of Forum: All disputes between the Parties shall be submitted exclusively to a court of competent jurisdiction in New York.    Shortly after BrightHawk, Ltd. sent its acknowledgment, and before BolivarTech had opened the letter of credit, Venezuela began a series of army/naval war games in the islands it controls in the Caribbean Sea.  Venezuela and the Netherlands have a longstanding dispute over one of the islands currently under Venezuelan control.  Accusing Venezuela of "saber rattling," President Trump issued an executive order (dated September 7, 2020) imposing additional controls on exports of dual use equipment to Venezuela by any "person subject to the jurisdiction of the United States."  This phrase was defined in the newly amended US Export Administration Regulations to include:   (i) Any person, wherever located, who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) Any person actually within the United States; (iii) Any legal entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any state, territory, possession, or district of the United States; or (iv) Any legal entity, wherever organized or doing business, that is owned or controlled by persons specified in paragraphs (i), (ii), or (iii) above.   On that same day (Sep. 7) BrightHawk, Ltd. informs BolivarTech, by fax, that it might not be able to supply the night sensors because of the new US export controls, but that it is seeking a waiver from the US authorities.  A week later, BrightHawk, Ltd. obtains the waiver and is ready to ship.  BrightHawk, Ltd. sends a fax to BolivarTech, containing its very own order acknowledgement (including clauses [43] and [44]), and a cover letter indicating: "Okay, we can now go forward with shipment."    BolivarTech immediately replies via email: "go ahead with shipment, we will open the letter of credit at Chase Bank."  The following day, BrightHawk, Ltd. ships the sensors and receives a negotiable bill of lading and other documents.  However, the goods are seized by US Marine commandos off the Curacao coast three-days in their sea transport.  The goods are released within 24 hours, after BrightHawk's lawyers remind the US Department of Defense about the waiver.  The goods now arrive in Venezuela one day later, but BolivarTech refuses to accept them, on the belief that they were tampered with by the United States, with BrightHawk's cooperation.   (45 points):BrightHawk has retained your law firm to provide counsel, including its litigation options.  Your supervising attorney has asked you to prepare a small memorandum identifying the relevant legal issues, explaining BrightHawk's options, identifying the most significant avenues for redress, and anticipating the reactions of any party involved.    Assume all countries implicated under these facts are signatories to any applicable international treaties or rules.    Limit your answer to the essay question to a maximum 1,000 words.  Again, think and outline before you write.
How many moles of aluminum are needed to make 9 moles of molecular hydrogen?Given the reaction: 2 Al + 6 HCl - 2 AlCl3 + 3H2 Enter your answer with the correct number of significant figures without the unit.  The unit is mole.
A double precipitation reaction is an example of a redox reaction
Before responding to the question below, review Elements of Poetry. Study Robert Hayden's diction. Pay close attention to words that have multiple meanings and words you are unfamiliar with. Speculate about Hayden's word choices and their poetic impact.
Where do we find CA during rigor mortis?
The CF atri/o means
If your project's CPI = 0.91 and SPI = 1.22, the project is:
The correct sequence of phases in Mitosis
In most cases, cardiopulmonary arrest in infants and children is caused by
States may not:
A community assesses a random sample of its residents by telephone questionnaire. Obesity is strongly associated with diagnosed diabetes. This study design is best described as which one of the following:
Devastated by a divorce from an abusive husband, a wife completes grief counseling. Which statement by the wife should indicate to a nurse that the client is in the acceptance stage of grief?
Dead skin cells are shed in thick sheets because they are held together by a thin layer of proteoglycan reinforced by intermediate filaments. Such strong intercellular connections are called [a]
1.1   Give two reasons why Sonnet 130 is a typical English sonnet.                                 (2)
A 20-square-mile patch of habitat supports more species than two 10-square-mile patches because of
Oral contraceptives contain estrogen and progesterone. What effect does taking oral contraceptives have on the menstrual cycle?
