MyPlate, a mealtime visual, illustrates daily intakes of the four food groups proportionately on the plate with dairy intake represented by the round glass or bowl on the upper right periphery of the plate. Which one of the following food groups should make up half your plate?
One of the strategies employed by organizational buyers to reduce information search and effort in evaluating competing alternatives for routine purchases is to use a fixed set of suppliers.
Red blood cells have antigenic markers on their surfaces called:
A patient is hospitalized for treatment of severe hemolytic anemia. An appropriate nursing action for the patient is to
It is difficult to keep track of the prevalence of students with ADHD because there is not a separate category for this disability under IDEIA 2004. Children with ADHD are often classified under the _______
What is the role of primers in the PCR technique?
What is the percent sulfur in iron(III) sulfate?
Which of the following circumstances would be an indication for ending a SBT?
Layers in sedimentary rocks are called ________.
(Refer to Figure 94.) What sign is designated by illustration 7?
QUESTION #4 (COLLEGE-LEVEL SPANISH INSTRUCTION) Application question: Analyze the Spanish class presented in the case study, according to the following topics.    Methodology/ approaches Theoretical assumption of the teacher (empiricist or rationalist) Task sequencing (Brandl, 2008): Input, assimilation, and task Role of the instructor and learners Role of L1 versus L2 Role and type of feedback (explicit versus implicit) Proficiency outcome prediction in terms of oral production, e.g., what learners would be able to produce at the end of the semester, if classes continue in this fashion.    Support all your answers with the content of the readings and discussions carried on in class and specific examples from the case study. For example, it is not enough to say the teacher is an empiricist, you need to define "empiricist" and then give evidence from the case study supporting the characteristics of this theoretical posture.   CASE STUDY: Spanish class  PHASE I Teacher:            -Buenos dias. ?Como estan, bien? Bueno, hoy vamos a hablar de *la familia, la familia, ?si?  (Says, as he writes "familia" on the board). Vamos a hacer una Lluvia de ideas sobre la familia.  A ver. ?Quien me puede decir una palabra que describa a la familia? ?Recuerdan los adjetivos? Peter:                Importante. Teacher:            Muy bien, Peter. (Teacher says as he writes down the word on the board). Joy:                  Divertidou, muchous. (She says laughing). Teacher:            Es divertiDA y hay muchAS personas. ?Si? (Teacher says as he writes down the words on the board; student smiles, nodding.  After five or six more answers, the teacher says as he opens a power point presentation with pictures of his Puerto Rican family). Esta es mi familia. Tengo una familia muy grande (Opens arms to indicate how big his family is). Hay muchas personas en mi familia.  John, ?como es tu familia, grande o pequena?- John:                 -No se, huge!.- Teacher:            -Oh, es muy grande, John. (John nods) Bien, a ver... Susan, ?y tu familia, es grande o pequena?- Susan:               -Familia.- Teacher:            -Bien. Vamos a ver mas fotos.  Este es mi papa y esta es mi mama (Says pointing to his father and mother in the picture). Estos son mis siete hermanos. !Si, somos ocho hijos! (Shows 8 fingers to indicate eight; students open their eyes in reaction to the size of the family).  Tambien tengo quince tios, ocho maternos, por el lado de mi mama, y siete paternos, por el lado de mi papa (says as he points family members on the picture). En esta foto esta toda mi familia junta (makes gestures to indicate "together") en la cena de Nochebuena. ?Ven a mis abuelitos? (Pointing to the grandparents on the picture) !En esta cena habia cincuenta personas en la mesa! Muchas personas, ?si??Preguntas?- Kate:                 -What is "sin cuuueeenta"?- Teacher:            -?Cincuenta? Es un numero: diez, veinte, treinta, cuarenta y cincuenta. Kate:                 -Oh, fifty! Gracias. Teacher:            -Si, muy bien, cincuenta.- PHASE II Teacher:             -Muy bien. ?Mas preguntas? ?no? Ahora Uds. Van a hablar de su familia con un companero de clase. A ver, a trabajar en parejas (Shows two fingers to indicate "pairs" and passes a worksheet titled: Una descripcion de mi familia). Bien, tienen diez minutos para escribir 5 oraciones describiendo a su familia.- (Teacher says, showing five with his hand. He walks around answering questions; students seem somewhat lost; after ten minutes instructor calls for volunteers).  PHASE III Kate:                 -Mi familia esta laarga. Pedro's familia esta pecueniia.- Teacher:            -Gracias Kate, entonces, tu familia es grande pero la familia de Pedro es pequena (States using gestures to indicate the two sizes). A ver... un poco mas de detalles. ?Tienes hermanos?- Kate:                 -Si, tengou cin cuuenta jermanous.- Teacher:            -!Cincuenta! (Says as he writes fifty on the board) Kate:                 -!Oh, no! Tengou cincou jermanos. Lo sientou.- Teacher:            - Bien Kate. ?Puedes repetir: Tengo cinco hermanos? Recuerda que la hache no suena en espanol. (Says pointing to the letter on the board) Kate:                 Oh, si, lo sientou. Tengou cincou hermanos.- (Says smiling). Teacher:            -Mucho mejor Kate, gracias. ?Y tu Joe, tienes hermanos?- Joe:                   -Nou.- Teacher:            -?Y tios? ?Tienes tios y tias? (Joe shakes his head to indicate no). Bien. Otros voluntarios. (Brooks and Carla raise their hands to participate). Si, Brooks y Carla.- Brooks:             -Carla's familia esta pecuenia y mi familia... big.- Teacher:            -Gracias Brooks. Entonces, la familia de Carla es pequena y tu familia es grande, si grande. (Students nod). Recuerden clase. En espanol decimos: La familia de... Por ejemplo, la familia de los Kardashian es interesante. (Says, as he writes on the board). ?Algo mas Carla? ?Tienes primos? Carla:                -Si, muchous.- (Class continues in this fashion.  At the end of the class, teacher feels frustrated because although students seem to understand the topic, they are not producing the new vocabulary about the family presented in this lesson). *Bold in the dialogue indicates the text was pronounced with emphasis.
In a classic experiment, psychology students were assigned to work with either "fast-learner" rats or "slow-learner" rats, described as such by the experimenter. In a task involving learning a maze, rats arbitrarily labeled as "bright" learned the maze faster than did rats arbitrarily labeled as slow-learner. The experimenter suspected that the psychology students with fast-learner rats took the learning task more seriously, and this was reflected in their rats' performance. This finding illustrates how:
People with Korsakoff's syndrome often show damage in parts of limbic system, especially the
The primary objective of the IDIC process is:
Which type of Memory refers to a presentation that is researched and adapted to the audience but is not read or memorized?
3.8   How would you translate this into French? 'Taylor is trendy' (Taylor is a girl)   (1)
The nurse is caring for a client who just completed an upper GI x-ray with small bowel follow-through using barium. What statement by the client indicates understanding of this procedure?
The green celadon vases were manufactured by:
Girls are likely to outperform boys in a:
At 27 oC, a flask is filled with 0.250 M of X2 and 0.200 M of  Y2, which reacts as follows:  X2(g)  + 3Y2(g)  2XY3(g) When the reaction reaches equilibrium there is 5.78 x 10-2 M of XY3, what is the Kc for the reaction at 27 oC?
