Required Answer of All Class Members Within the time allotted, please answer your questions with details, not just generalities that do not demonstrate what you have learned. As a result of last Thursday's visit from the Florida Office of Financial Regulation (OFR) to our class, Mr. Jorge Diago calls you to come to their office for an interview. He was impressed with your questions and class participation, and he and his colleagues wish to consider you for a bank examiner position at their State government agency. At the interview, you also meet Messrs. Raymond Doval and Curtis Galera, who will make the hiring decision.    As you know, The Office of Financial Regulations examines Florida chartered domestic banks and international banks that are actively operating in domestic (local) and global markets throughout many countries, including the United States. Although most of the banks' depositors and borrowers are domestic, many reside in Spain and Latin America and other European countries. During the interview, they find out that you have completed a banking certificate and just graduated with a BBA in finance at Florida International University.   Your answers to interviewers' questions will determine how up to date you are with the bank and financial services topics. They would like to know what you learned from (1) the class lectures, (2) the textbook chapters covered, (3) the weekly readings, (4) The research paper, (5) the ethical analysis and (6) the videos watched in class and as homework, as well as your overall evaluation of the current banking scenario as a result of the COVID 19 pandemic. Messrs. Doval and Galera know that you were present during Mr. Diago's class presentation. They also want to understand what you learned from Mr. Diago when explained how the OFR examines Florida Chartered Domestic Banks as well as International Bank Representative Offices, International Administrative Offices, Agencies, and Branches.    Then, they ask you to tell them:   What have you learned from this course?; and  How do you expect to apply the knowledge acquired in the prospective job?   Topics to consider in your discussion:  What did you learn in this course that will not only help you be a future successful senior bank examiner/analyst?  Explain how the course has helped you to become savvier in dealing with financial institutions as a customer? Both Messrs. Galera and Diago eagerly want to listen to what you know about the current banking scenario and reasons for so many bank failures during 2007-2011. Explain what the duties and responsibilities of a Bank Director and Management are, and Why is compliance so critical that it gives a lot of headaches and sleepless nights to bank executives and directors? What have you learned about combating fraud, money laundering, terrorist financing, and corruption? Include a brief discussion of how banks earn income and the importance of bank capital, as well asInterest income, non-interest income, and interest expense, and non-interest expense, as well as retained earnings and asset-liability management. What bank and non-bank products should an examined bank market to increase non-interest income? Discuss the Basle Agreements I, II & III, and the effect of the Dodd-Frank 2010 Legislation, and what effect the above laws and regulations and the recent amendment to Dodd-Frank will have on banking organizations and operations in the future?  Define and explain the principal risks that a commercial bank and its customers face in their day to day activities?  How can a bank (1) identify (2) measure, and (3) control risks? Explain what are CAMELS, ROCA and SOSA ratings that banks receive from regulatory agencies and explain  Why are reputational and cultural risks so crucial to the bank, to the banker and its customer? Explain the risks of dis-inter-mediation and de-risking Why is lending and cost control so necessary to the bank? Would you recommend the bank to open additional brick and mortar or virtual branches, and why? Explain what you learned from watching the recently released videos and presentation from the Florida Regulators' class visit. What did you learn from your ethical analysis, bank comparison analysis, and evaluation and what these concepts are: Too big to fail, and too small to succeed? They want to know about the importance of capital in the bank, lending standards.
A company purchased $1,800 of merchandise on July 5 with terms 2/10, n/30. On July 7, it returned $200 worth of merchandise. On July 28, it paid the full amount due. Assuming the company uses a perpetual inventory system, and records purchases using the gross method, the correct journal entry to record the payment on July 28 is:
Which of the following is a principle that should be used when considering application of a tourniquet to control bleeding?
Using the grid area below, plot a semivariogram (3 points) using the information provided in the table and identify the semivariogram descriptors (nugget, range, and sill) on your plot (3 points).     Lag (m)   Semivariance      0   30     5   120     10   105     20   195     30   306     40   402     50   369     60   402     70   440     80   404
What distinguishes the clade Lopotrochozoa from clade Ecdysozoa?
Setzen Sie die Verben in die richtige Zeitform. (2 words may be in one gap) u a ss o 1. Nachdem er auf dem Bahnhof [1]  (ankommen), fahrt er mit dem Taxi nach Hause. 2. Er bemerkte den Einbruch(break-in) sofort, nachdem er die Wohnung [2] (betreten=enter). 3. Nachdem er die Polizei [3] (informieren), kamen zwei Beamte an den Tatort.
In the diagnostic phrase, "acute bursitis of the right hand," the word acute is a modifying term.
What alerted researchers to a problem in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico?
k-NN algorithm does more computation on test time rather than train time.
Read the sentence. Complete the sentence with the correct form of the verb in parenthesis. Pay attention to the main clause and time clause! He'll help his daughter with her homework while he (study) _________________ for his own classes.
Our skin is great at keeping microorganism out of our body. Describe how the skin chemically, mechanically, and physically prevents microbes from getting into our bodies? (6 pts)
A pair of vertical aerial photos are taken with 60% overlap from nearly the same flying height.  Coordinates for two points, A and B, were measured on the photos. Parallax for point A was 91.7 mm. Parallax for point B was 96.0 mm. Which point was higher?
An invisible barrier that blocks the promotion of a qualified individual in a work environment because of the individual's gender.
A client demonstrating compensating cardiac output as his stroke volume changes.  The nurse realizes this client is exhibiting:
If a ball is thrown in the air with a velocity of 42 feet per second, its height in feet seconds later is given by
Tableau Task 5        (max 9 pts)   Create a new worksheet in your Tableau workbook.  Name it "Heat Map".   Management wants a "heat map" that shows a dot for each city where we have restaurants.  The size and color of each dot will be controlled by the data, according to the requirements below.   Create a symbol map visualization as follows:  There should be one dot for each city.Note: remember that some city names occur in more than one state ... setup your map accordingly.  There should be different dots for our restaurants in Springfield, IL and Springfield, MA. The size of each dot should be set using the Total Sales. The color of each dot should be set using the average Growth in Sales. Configure the map colors as follows:  Use 7 stepped colors. Set your color palette to use a diverging scheme so that  Negative Sales Growth = red  Positive Sales Growth = green.        NOTES:   This task will be graded manually, based on our evaluation of the TWBX file you submit.
Answer only 10 of the terms below. Enter the term, then your answer in the text field provided. Each answer is worth 5 points for a total of 50 points for this section of the exam.   polytheistic religions"seasoning" of slaveschattel slaveryStono RebellionLord Dunmore's ProclamationBenjamin Bannekerthree-fifths clause to U.S. ConstitutionAfrican Methodist Episcopal (AME) ChurchMissouri Compromisefree papersDenmark VeseyAmerican Colonization SocietyNat Turnerunderground railroadAmerican Anti-Slavery SocietyUncle Tom's CabinDred Scott v. SandfordFugitive Slave Law of 1850 General Order 11 Emancipation Proclamation 13th Amendment Reconstruction Act of 1867 the "shotgun policy" Enforcements Acts Ku Klux Klan
Solve the problem.Northwest Molded molds plastic handles which cost $0.80 per handle to mold. The fixed cost to run the molding machine is $5092 per week. If the company sells the handles for $4.80 each, how many handles must be molded and sold weekly to break-even?
At the end of Act V, it is declared that "_____ rules in Cyprus."
In order to hire graduates and postgraduates of microbiology, Arthur, the human resource (HR) manager at Kartholfen, a pharmaceutical company, decided to arrange a career fair at Plausom University. In the context of HR planning, this scenario best illustrates _____.
