Show all your work to the camera for credit. 9) A projectile is fired at a height of 10 feet above the ground with an initial velocity of 700 feet per second and at an angle of 30deg above the horizontal. (a) Find a vector-valued function that describes the trajectory of the projectile. For parts (b)-(d), use a calculator to approximate answers to the nearest hundredth. (b) Find the maximum height attained. (c) Find the time at impact and range of the shell. (d) Find the speed at impact.
Which of the following statements is certainly true about this SPSS MANOVA output?
Focus areas of Healthy People 2020 and patterns of disease in the population direct research efforts. Research can be directed at all of the following, EXCEPT
What ingredients is lysis solution made up of?
All of the following describe how cardiovascular exercise affects the heart except:
Seismologists use a method called ________ to pinpoint the epicenter of an earthquake by using three or more seismic stations.
The mandatory labeling of all GMO food products was declared this year:
16
Evaluate:  2-4x for x=7
While reviewing a patient chart, a PTA notes a hemoglobin level of 9.2 g/dL in the chart of a 62 yo female patient. How will this impact a patient performance during ambulation and exercise with theraband?
Which of the following statements regarding the composition of the modern family is true?
When proteins are to be separated by charges only, which of the following is best suited for this ?
Identify the soleus.
The following are true about oral reflexes EXCEPT
Solve the problem.Mrs. Bollo's second grade class of thirty students conducted a pet ownership survey. Results of the survey indicate that 8 students own a cat, 15 students own a dog, and 5 students own both a cat and a dog. How many of the students surveyed own no cats?
DIRECTIONS: Read the passage. Complete the notes using words from the reading.Aiming High [A] Yuri Gagarin had worked hard all of his life. He had often told himself that one day his efforts would lead to something special. Sitting in a spacecraft, minutes away from being rocketed miles above the Earth, he realized that he would soon have the most special experience anyone could imagine. Yuri Gagarin was about to become the first man to visit space. [B] Gagarin was born on March 9, 1934 in the Soviet Union (present-day Russia). He grew up in a very ordinary family. His father was a carpenter,1 and his mother was a milkmaid.2 The young Gagarin, however, had bigger dreams. He studied very hard in his early school days and received scholarships to study at a technological academy.[C] Gagarin's real intention, however, was to become a pilot. While he was studying at the academy, he volunteered as a junior member of a local flying club. Eventually, after countless weekends, he learned to fly. Because of his incredible focus and attention to detail, he became a very good pilot. [D] For other young Soviet men, being called into the national armed forces was a scary moment. This was not the case for Gagarin. This was because it gave him the chance to improve his piloting skills as a member of the air force. Gagarin did more than simply improve. Over time, associates in the air force considered him to be one of the best pilots in the entire country.[E] When the Soviet Union commenced its space program in the late 1950s, Gagarin was included in a list of 20 possible astronauts for the country's, and the world's, first space flight. Those in senior positions at the space program admired Gagarin for the incredible amount of work he did in training. Psychologists3 also perceived that he had the right state of mind to be sent into space. As a result, Gagarin was chosen for the mission.[F] When his Vostok spacecraft lifted off on April 12, 1961, Gagarin could not hide his excitement. Although he did not usually speak in an informal way, he shouted "Poyekhali!" ("Let's go!") as the rocket sent him into space. After making one full orbit4 of the Earth, Gagarin landed safely and immediately became a hero in his country. Sadly, Gagarin died in a plane crash in March 1968. However, more than 50 years after his flight to space, people around the world still admire him for his bravery.1 A carpenter is someone who makes things from wood.2 A milkmaid is a term used in the past to describe a woman who gets milk from cows on a farm. 3 A psychologist is someone who studies the human mind. 4 An orbit is the path taken by an object around another object in space. Gagarin improved his piloting skills in the ____________________.
The nurse is preparing to set an arterial line (A-line) pressure monitoring system.  The nurse understand that the principle behind this is that
Mean cell volume (MCV) is calculated using the following formula
The patient is being seen at the clinic after palpating a firm lump in the right breast. The nurse understands that which of the following parts of the patient's medical health history puts the patient at the highest risk for the diagnosis of breast cancer?
Hospital outpatient  Age: 55   Sex: Male Diaganosis: 2.8 cm tumor in the urinary bladder Procedure: Cystourethroscopy with fulguration and transurethral resection of a 2.8cm bladder tumor
