1a.      With illustrations, explain the role of carbon in hardening of steel by martensite formation.    1b.     Using the T-T-T shown below and ,                   (a) Determine the microstructure of a 0.77 wt % C-steel that has the following heat treatment:                                 (i) instantly quenched to 500degC from 727degC.                                 (ii) held for 4 s.                                 (iii) quenched instantly to room temperature.                           (b) What will happen if the steel is held for 1 day at 500degC and then cooled to room temperature?     1c.        What is case hardening?      2a.       Can we say that casting is the most versatile manufacturing process? Include the advantages and limitations of casting in your justification.  2 b.      Draw simple sketches and explain the role of Gate, raiser, runner, and sprue in the metal flow into the mold.  2c.       If a sphere ball casting with outer diameter 600 mm solidified in 150 seconds, find the constant of the Chvorinov equation. (Hint: For sphere Surface area = 4pr2     Volume = (4/3) pr3 )                2d.       Find the length of the side if a cubic raiser with solidification time of 200 seconds is required for the above mentioned casting. Make suitable assumptions.    3a.      Explain any one expendable pattern casting process.     3b.      Do you see any design flaw in the schematic of a sand cast shown below? If so, what will be your suggestion for improvement.     4a.      A production engineer wants to speed up his metal forming processes to increase the productivity. Using the graph shown below, explain the possible consequences if the operation is performed at (i) room temperature, (ii) at 8000C.       4b.       Explain the tandem rolling  process.  4c.      What could go wrong, if that production engineer was not careful in adjusting the roll speed in the tandem rolling?.    5.        What is Forgeability? Mention any possible forging defects .
Which of the following accounts is not included in the calculation of net income?
Choose one (1) of the three (3) essays provided. Write a well crafted essay in response using your own words and including examples for any general comments/observations. You may NOT use your notes, textbook or outside sources. Plagiarism will result in a zero on the assignment and you will be reported to the Dean of Students. Option 1: How did Christianity become the dominant religion in the Roman Empire, and how did it affect Roman society both new Christians and others? Be sure to include the main people and their role in initiating the change (cause and effect). Option 2: What led to the Agricultural Revolution?  What were the economic, social and political consequences of the Revolution in the Middle Ages? What technological advances were made that improved farming and how? Option 3: What ideological conflicts that arose in the church during the Middle Ages? How did they arise? How were they resolved if they were? Be sure to discuss the key characters involved in the disputes and to include the issues surrounding the Trinity, Icons, the investiture conflict. Also make sure you describe in detail what the arguments were for each side.
In 1933, unemployment during the Great Depression reached its height at
A disadvantage of remarketing is that advertisers cannot control how many times an ad is shown to an individual.
Margie is introduced to the following people when she arrives at the party: Derek, Kayla, Calvin, Debbie, Rose, Melanie, Garrett, Tom, Francis, Jane, John, and Vincent. According to the serial-position effect, it will be most difficult to remember the names of
Which of the following was a major policy issue that the United States faced after the Revolution?
An appropriate datatype for adding a sound clip would be:
A 27-year-old patient who has been treated for status epilepticus in the emergency department will be transferred to the medical nursing unit. Which equipment should the nurse have available in the patient's assigned room (select all that apply)?
The process whereby messenger RNA directs the sequence of amino acids and synthesis of proteins is ________.
Draw sheets are used to ___.
My microphone must be unmuted and my camera turned on at all times during the exam, so I can be seen and heard the entire time.
Which of the following personality disorders is more likely to endorse beliefs such as "I don't have to be bound by rules that apply to other people"?
Skype always uses UDP for carrying voice because TCP provides delay bounds that are not needed. There are no example scenarios to justify TCP for voice
Approximately what percent of arthritis cases occur in women?
Which of the following is NOT a branch of the Trigeminal Nerve?
Why do foals need colostrum at birth?
Cells that are responsible for debridement of the injury site include:
The female hormone that affects female characteristics like breast and hip size is called:
What happens when the water table drops below sea level in aquifers near the ocean?
