Which artery carries blood directly into the stratum functionalis?
When a muscle is producing maximum force, over time the force of a muscle will [result1] and the number of active motor units will [result2].
Do NOT use the Tab key.   Original Memo To: All Division ManagersFrom: Stanley Rogers, Vice President, Admin.Subject: PoliciesCC: Thomas Rickley, Manager, Building Services The garage on the south side is being renovated to include a new third level and 150 new parking spaces. Because of these renovations, a new parking policy will be in effect between the months of February and December this year. Please circulate the memo to all your division employees and make an announcement at your next Division meeting. Between February and July, Administration and Finance employees can continue to use the first-level of the south side garage. Textile and Packaging employees can continue to use the second-level of the south side garage between Feb. and July. Service and Manufacturing employees can use either the second level of the south side garage or park in the south side lot at this time.  (It is recommended that first- and second-shift Manufacturing employees use the south side lot.) The south side garage will be closed to all employees between August and December. At that time, Administration must use the front lot. Finance employees must use the east side lot, and Textile and Packaging employees must use the west side lot. Employees with special circumstances or handicaps should contact Thomas Rickley, Building Services Manager (ext. #7765), for the front lot permit during renovations. All other questions should be directed to the Building Services office.
FACTS:Robert "Bob" Smith--a 22 y/o, Edmond native who graduated from MIT--is a software developer and aspiring entrepreneur. He recently wrote a new app that helps a user locate distressed properties quickly and thereby bid before any competition has the opportunity. Knowing that the OKC revitalization efforts have resulted in an increased demand for real estate, he decides to move back to the Edmond/OKC area, put his app to the test, and see if his business venture could be successful in that market. Once settled, Bob hires an attorney and has that attorney both create an LLC named Some New and Interesting Company Name, LLC, and open up a bank account in the company's name. Bob knows better than to do business without a liability shield and figures, if the market is right, he can just bring in other members at a later time. The attorney files the necessary articles of organization for Bob and drafts a simple operating agreement with the following relevant provisions:OPERATING AGREEMENT:* * * *"Company" means Some New and Interesting Company Name, LLC"Manager" or "Managing Member" means the Person appointed as Manager of the Company by a Majority of the Members, or the Members of the Company acting as the Managers."Member" means any Person ROI executing this Agreement on the signature page hereto as Member of the Company. * * * *Article II - ManagementManagement of the Company - The business of the Company shall be managed by, and under the direction of, the Member(s), and the Member(s) shall have the full authority and discretion to manage and control the Company's business, affairs, and properties and to make all decisions regarding those matters, and to perform any and all other acts or activities customary or incidental to the management of the Company's ordinary business. Included within this authority is the authority to appoint a single Manager of the Company, who shall have the authority to handle the administrative and ministerial duties of the Company. The Member(s) hereby appoint Robert "Bob" Smith as the Manager of the Company. The Manager may be a Member of the Company, but need not be a Member; provided however, if the Manager is also a Member, the rights of the Member serving as the Manager will not be altered on account thereof. Likewise, if the Manager is not a Member, he or she will have no rights as Member, and his or her rights, obligations, and duties will be limited to those prescribed by the Members from time to time. The Manager may delegate any or all of his or her duties as the Manager deems necessary. The Manager will receive no salary as a Manager or for any services rendered to or for the benefit of the Company unless otherwise agreed to by a Super Majority of the Member(s); however, the Manager will receive reimbursement for properly documented expenses reasonably incurred in the performance of his or her duties. * * * *Limitation of Authority of Manager. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article, a Super Majority vote of the Member(s) shall be required to do any of the following: (i) any act in contravention of this Agreement; (ii) any act that may materially limit the Company's ability to carry on the ordinary business of the Company; (iii) sell, transfer, lease, assign, or otherwise convey all or substantially all of the Property owned by the Company; (iv) merge or consolidate the Company; dissolve and wind down the Company. * * * *Article V - Rights and Liabilities of the Members* * * *New Members - Except as provided in this Agreement, the admission of new Members shall require the unanimous written consent of the Member(s). * * * *MEMBER(S) ____________________Robert "Bob" SmithBob decides he should start making connections with contractors for when he needs to start remodeling. However, Bob lost a lot of his local ties when he moved, so he e-mails a good friend of his, George. George and Bob had become friends back in high school after bonding over their mutual love of computers, sci-fi, and the old Mission: Impossible series. Even though George had only just barely finished high school and had stayed in OKC to work odd jobs while Bob was getting his degree at MIT, George had always been gregarious and, as a result, had always been the one with a lot of friends and, importantly, contacts. Plus, Bob and George stayed close despite the distance during the past four years, and Bob knew he could trust George. In his email to George, Bob says the following:"George,As you know, I'm packin' up and headed south soon. I have a mission for you, should you choose to accept it: I am planning on starting up a business in the area, but I want to do a few deals first to ensure the market is right. Can you get me in touch with some local investors and also some local contractors who have experience with residential real estate. I need to keep my ROI up, so keep that in mind with contractors.Remember, this message will self-destruct in five seconds." That same day, after Bob had emailed George, Bob located three different properties priced way below market value, so he quickly bought them on behalf of the LLC ("Properties"). Knowing that he needed to flip them as quickly, and as cheaply, as possible, he hurriedly sends George another email even though George had yet to respond to Bob's first email:"Hey, George--I just bought three properties and need to get to work on them ASAP. Here are the addresses: (1) 1000 SW 82nd St., OKC; (2) 1001 SW 84th St., OKC; (3) 8105 S. Hilwest Dr., OKC. Need a contractor that does floors, because I know I will need that work done ASAP. The faster I can fix them up and sell them, the better the upside. Ask them to meet me at the first property tomorrow afternoon at 2 PM for a walk through so I can see what their prices look like."Bob then sets up a walk through for each of the three Properties. If George comes through--and he always does--Bob will have at least 2-3 prospective floor contractors ready to give quotes. Based on what he paid for them, and the current market, he knows the total budget for all three Properties' floors combined, inclusive of labor and supplies, is going to be no more than $15,000. Surely one of the contractors George finds will give a quote within that budget. Later that evening, George reads the emails from Bob. George, who had grown tired of his latest job, bartending, was ready for a change, so he is happy help with this latest venture of Bob's. Bob has always been smart, and George knows that he wants to be a part of whatever Bob gets started. George text messages a buddy of his, Sarah, who happens to be a locally renowned contractor in the area; everyone around OKC knows that Sarah's work comes at a premium, but her craftsmanship justifies the steep price:George: Hey, Sarah--need to hire you to do some floors in some houses a buddy of mine just bought. He just moved back here and asked me to use my connections to find the best contractors for the job. Of course, I thought of you. Can you meet us at the property tomorrow for a walk through?Sarah: Sure! I'm pretty slammed, but I'm happy to help out. What's the budget? George: Whatever it needs to be to flip these places fast. Sarah: I can definitely get that done. Sounds like a deal.George knows that, if he and Bob use Sarah for the Properties' floors, then that information alone will help sell them. The next day, before Bob can get to the first scheduled walk through, Bob gets into a car accident. While not life threatening, he is taken to the ER and admitted for surgery. Sarah arrives and doesn't see Bob, so she calls George. George, who knows Bob is always punctual, calls Bob to find out where he is and finds out about the accident. George, not wanting to let Bob down, gets to the walk through to cover for Bob. After George arrives, he tells Sarah about Bob's accident but confirms that Bob is all business and would want the walk through to proceed. So, Sarah does her walk through and then tells George that each house is in pretty bad shape and will require work that will cost about $20,000 for each house. George says "If that is what it takes, I know that is what he will want." Sarah says she looked forward to working with George and Bob and that she would get going on ordering supplies. Sarah: Once I order the supplies, I am going to need 20% down and then the rest when I am done. Don't worry though, I will pay for the supplies. It gives me an incentive to make sure everything is in order.George: Not a problem. Bob trusts me, and I trust you.Sarah: Great. Under normal circumstances, I like to have a contract signed right away, but with Bob having been in that accident and in the hospital, I can make an exception. I know time is money with these flip jobs, and I know I can trust you, George. Plus, it sounds like you guys plan on a lot of work in the future, and I would like to get in on the ground floor, you know? I will call you when it all comes in so we can get started.George: Great. That all sounds good, Sarah. Talk with you soon.After his meeting with Sarah and a couple other meetings with some other contractors, George goes to the hospital where Bob was staying for observation. Unfortunately, Bob is asleep because of the pain medication, so George can't tell him the good news about Sarah. About a week later, and after George had gotten a lot accomplished, Bob is released from the hospital. Unfortunately, Bob is ordered to three weeks of bed rest. George goes to Bob's house the day that Bob is released ready to discuss business, but Bob is exhausted. Bob knows time is money, but he also is not in the right mindset because of the pain medication, and he knows he can trust George. So, instead, he and George come to an agreement: George will handle things for Bob while Bob is on bedrest and, to ensure George doesn't run into any issues, Bob writes on a notepad: "I, Robert 'Bob' Smith, appoint George with any and all authority necessary to carry on the business of Some New and Interesting Company Name, LLC in my stead during my absence."After George's visit with Bob, George heads to the property at 1000 SW 82nd St. where Sarah and some other contractors George hired have been working. While there, a couple who happen to know George stop by to say "hello." As soon as they see the property and the work being done, especially Sarah's amazing work, they say how interested they are in possibly buying the place. They ask whether the area has a high crime rate, to which George says "No! This place is incredibly quiet and safe. It really is a family friendly place." George actually knows that the area has recently surged with crime, and he happens to only know that because he has another friend who lives down the road and he has another friend who is a police officer who patrols the area. Despite this, George figures that, if they really wanted to know, they could look it up. Ultimately, the couple are infatuated with the house, and they quickly decide that they can't live without it. About a week later they close and ultimately pay well above market for it. Despite that, as a result of the steep price for the floors, the deal results in a $1,000 loss. George, not knowing how much the Properties cost to purchase, does not know this. Just after that deal closes, Bob is on his feet and back from bed rest. He finds out about Sarah's prices, about the contract with the couple for the sale of the property located at 1000 SW 82nd St. and he is beside himself. He decides to pull the plug before more damage is done. He tells Sarah that they don't have a contract and that he can pay for the lumber used so far, but she needed to stop work immediately. Sarah immediately files suit for breach of contract against the LLC. Worse still is that the couple that bought the 1000 SW 82nd St property quickly learned just how much crime there was in that area, because someone broke into their garage the first night the couple moved in. Afterward, the couple filed a lawsuit against the LLC for fraudulent inducement seeking to rescind the contract.  SHORT ANSWER QUESTIONS - Each worth 25% of your overall grade - Each of the three questions has a limit of 800 wordsIn Sarah's lawsuit against the LLC, Sarah asserts the following: on the day of the initial walk through of the Properties, she and the LLC entered into an enforceable contract ("Contract"). The terms of the Contract were that she would provide both the labor and supplies necessary to repair the floors of the Properties and in exchange the LLC would pay the initial down payment and then any amount remaining due thereafter. With respect to this allegation:a. Was there the requisite agency relationship between the LLC and George so as to bind the LLC to the Contract? Explain your answer.b. Assume there was the necessary agency relationship between both the LLC and George so as to bind the LLC. Did George have the necessary authority to bind the LLC to the Contract? Explain your answer.
Thyroid dysfunction is more common in the postpartum period than in any other time in a woman's life
The inner surface of the heart (for example, inside the ventricles) is lined with what delicate membrane?
Looking at the diagram please SPECIFICALLY identify only #'s 13 through 18 (Requires 6 different ANSWERS).  Please write the number and then your answer so it is easy to follow.
Use the setup in the picture to answer the following questions: A. In this experiment phenol red was used as a pH indicator. What does the color of test tube A tell you about the pH of the solution present in this tube? B. If all three test tubes were exposed to light for 30 minutes, would you expect the color of the solution present in test tube D to change? Explain.
9.  A monophyletic group is an evolutionary "proper" taxonomic group.  A monophyletic group is characterized by having
CRISPR stands for [blank1]. NHEJ stands for [blank2]. HDR stand for [blank3]. PAM stands for [blank4].
The vertebral column of a bird has been modified so it is A) much longer and more flexible. B) springy and elastic to store energy for flight. C) rigid with many vertebrae fused together. D) broad to assist in aerodynamic lift. E) no longer connected to the ribs.
What is the correct function of the rods and cones of the eye, respectively?
Identify the Bronsted-Lowry acid in the following reaction. H2O(l) + CO32-(aq) - HCO3-(aq) + OH-(aq)
According to valence bond theory, the double bond between C and O in carbon dioxide (CO2) consists of
The Berry men are set on fire by the white men because one of the Berry men supposedly flirted with a white woman.
The law of effect states if an action is followed by a pleasurable consequence, the action is likely to:
1.1.4   If the price of cricket bats decrease, then ....   (2)
A flame scanner is tested with a burner firing to simulate a flame failure.
This problem is extra credit. It is optional. Up to 1 point is possible. What is the name of the Greek letter
Read the question and the answer and fill in the blank with the correct form of the verb. Imagine that someone is speaking directly to you, this is a dialogue.  If you need an accent mark you may cut and paste from the following list.  ACCENT MARKS COUNT FOR POINTS FOR THIS SECTION.   a        e i o u ?Leiste el periodico esta manana? Si,  lo ______.
