VRAAG 1     Zanthe het 2 maande terug erfgeld ontvang. Sy is besig om navorsing te doen oor waar om haar erfgeld te bele. Sy is nog gladnie gemaklik met enige van die terme en hoe dit werk nie. Sy het R30 000 ge-erf en wil dit so gou as moontlik wegsit. Life Bank offer die volgende twee beleggings rekeninge: Surplus 1 en Surplus 2.  Surplus 1 is bied 6.2% p.a. enkelvoudige rente. Surplus 2 bied 5.89% p.a saamgestelde rente. Beide opsies het 'n opsie om die belegging oop te maak vir ontrekking na 5 jaar.       1.1   Zanthe wil 75% van haar erfgeld bele en die res gebruik om haar skuld af te betaal. Bereken die bedrag wat sy wil bele.   (2)     1.2   Bereken die finale bedrag na 5 jaar vir Surplus 1   (4)     1.3   Bereken die finale bedrag na 5 jaar vir Surplus 2   (4)     1.4   Verduidelik vir Zanthe wat die verskil is tussen enkelvoudige- en saamgestelde rente.    (4)     1.5   Zanthe het besluit om Surplus 2 te kies vir haar belegging. Stem jy saam met haar keuse? Gee 'n rede vir jou antwoord.   (3)
While he was in the hospital, Emile told his wife that if he died he wanted to give his fishing tackle to his son, Joseph; his golf equipment to his son, Joshua; his truck to his daughter, Abigail; and everything else to her (his wife). Emile died the next day without writing anything that he told his wife, but a nurse and another patient were in the room and heard his declarations. What type of will does Emile have, if any?
What is customer arrival rate (in the unit of per hour) at the coffee shop?
The nurse is caring for a client who has compression bandages from the foot to mid thigh for 3+ pitting edema. The client reports that his feet feel cold. What is the priority intervention for the nurse?
Meathead Enterprises uses weighted-average process costing to allocate costs.  On July 1, information for its WIP - Stage 2 account was: Inventory of 1,100 units, Direct Material costs of $150,000, Conversion costs of $200,000.  During July, 3,000 units were transferred in and 3,500 units were transferred out.  Ending inventory was 90% complete with respect to direct materials and 60% complete with respect to conversion costs. July direct materials costs were $500,000 and conversion costs were $750,000. What are total equivalent units with respect to direct materials?
Which of the following controls skeletal muscles?
A batter who had failed to get a hit in seven consecutive times at bat then hits a game-winning home run. When talking to reporters afterward, he says he was very confidence that last time at bat because he knew he was 'due for a hit' Which of the following is equivalent in the world or probability?
A wild mustard plant was used as the common ancestor for breeders to develop several different commercial varieties of crops (e.g. Kale, Brussel sprouts, Broccoli) with desirable traits. This is an example of:
BGP Blackholing is a defense against prefix hijacking.
____ is/are required for optimal hindgut digestion in horses.
Question 5: Is Kerri likely to be at continued risk for UTI infections with S. saprophyticus?
Which of the following is a prefix for "nose"?
If the data points in a scatter plot fall in a fairly straight line, it means that there is a fairly strong relationship between cost and volume.
__________ malpractice is negligent or unethical conduct on the part of an elected official.
Which one of the following diseases is NOT spread by droplet transmission?
If you are tired while driving, you could sing along with the radio or your CD's to stay awake.
Define universal precautions.
Which of the following is a non-coding region of DNA?
B lymphocytes are made in the:
Which answer choice gives the equation of the linear function whose graph is given below?
