A.G. is a 20 month old child admitted with a two day history of anorexia, elevated temperature, and irritability.  A.G. weighs 26.4 pounds, his current diagnosis is meningitis. Among his orders are: Diet as tolerated, Tylenol elixir 2 mL for temperature over 101 degrees,  neuro checks every 2 hours,  seizure precautions,  IV of 5% dextrose and LR at 300 ML/hr., and Polycillin-N 350 mg IVPB every 4 hours.  The manufacturers medication insert states that the recommended parenteral dosage of Polycillin-N for bacterial meningitis is:  Adults and children: 150 to 200 mg/kg/day in equally divided doses every 3-4 hours.  Answer the following questions per the orders and information listed. 1. What is the minimum recommended dose every 4 hours for this child? 2. What is the minimum daily dose for this child? 3. What is the maximum daily dose recommendation for this child? 4. How much Polycillin-N is this patient receiving per day?
In this multiple-choice question, select the best answer.  When selecting a journal for manuscript submission, what are three items to consider?
Active transport moves a solute [1] its concentration gradient, and [2] ATP.
When giving a business presentation, which of the following practices is likely to alienate the audience?
What is being measured in the image below?
A nurse in an acute care facility has identified a 92-year old frail patient at a high risk for falls. What nursing intervention can the nurse implement to promote safety for the patient?
Julian Rotter had an early interest in ____ insights about human nature.
A client presents with a sacral wound that is not healing.  Upon reviewing the client's medical record, the nurse identifies which of the following risk factors as contributions to delayed healing?                            (Select All That Apply)
At what levels of the spinal cord do the dimensions increase in size?
Find the area of the shaded region in the figure. Round results to the nearest unit. Use p = 3.14.
Write a 500 word, 5 paragraph expository essay discussing the ways in which this class will help you in the future. Make sure to follow all of the rules that have been provided. Since this is about yourself, you will have to use first person point of view. Make sure to include your thesis and compose each paragraph carefully creating your topic sentences and supporting details.
Unconscious thought is generally due to ________, and conscious thought is generally due to ________.
The general term for the way adults talk to infants, using higher and wider pitch, slower speech rate and slower utterances, is known as
In the physical examination, subjective data gathered are referred to as:
Rheumatoid arthritis is    a. inflammation caused by overuse of a jointb. likely to only affect one side of the body, and not the otherc. an autoimmune diseased. due to a lack of vitamin De. A and B f. B and Cg. A and C
Suppose an astronomer has determined that the planet Neptune is at opposition. At what time will Neptune be highest in the sky?
The Voting Rights Act of 1965:
Write a function that will perform a sequential search on an array and return the first item in the array that differs by more than 5 from the previous item. If there is no such item found in the array, the function will return -1. For example, given the following array: 1 4 7 3 5 8 12 17 11 10 6, will return 11, because the difference from 17 to 11 is more than 5. Here is the signature of the function: int mySeqSearch(int[] arr, int size) Test your function in a driver function using the array given above.
FULL SOLUTION PROBLEM:  Answer the question here (enter the answers in the text box), but you must submit a full solution including Given, Find, EQU, all mathematical steps, and include units.  Work on this problem should be submitted to the Test #3 work submission link on Canvas Text #3 Module no more than 15 minutes after the completion of this Quiz.   The potential energy function for a system of particles is given by U(x) = -3x3 + 7x2 + 3x, where x is the position of one particle in the system. Answer the following questions. A) Find the force, F(x) on the particle as a function of x. B) Find the values of x for which the force equal to zero. C) What is the stable equilibrium value of x? (for this part you need to plot U(x) vs. x and F(x) vs. x  on your paper and upload with other solutions. Indicate the values of x that correspond to the points of stable and unstable equilibrium on the graphs)
Identify the structure labeled 4 [answer1] Identify the structure labeled 3 [answer2]
