A 0.25 kg toy car is propelled by a compressed spring, as shown below. The car follows a track that rises 20 cm above the starting point. The spring is compressed 6.00 cm and has a force constant of 350.0 N/m. Assume that the work done by friction to be negligible for questions A - D.  A) Calculate the potential energy stored in the compressed spring. (5 points) B) If the spring potential energy is completely transferred to the car to propel it forward, calculate the  initial velocity of the car at the start of the path. (5 points) C) Calculate the gravitational potential energy of the car at the top of the slope. (5 points) D) Calculate the velocity of the car at the top of the slope. (5 points) E) Now assume that there is 0.5 N friction at the top of the path. How far does the car travel before it stops? (5 points)
Oxyphils are the cells in the hypothalamus that produce oxytocin.
Identify cell at pointer
The redrawing of congressional districts in such a way as to give unfair advantage to the political party in power is called:
Among the external costs associated with automobiles is:
The type of lamellae that forms the outside surface of compact bone is
A woman who is 36 weeks pregnant is scheduled to undergo an amniocentesis. The nurse should evaluate which of the following tests to evaluate fetal lung maturity?
Which of the following world leaders were collectively known as the "Big Four?"
(Q002) Which statement regarding Texas voter turnout in 2016 is correct?
Whole Foods buys $10.00 worth of flour from farmer Jack to make bread. Whole Foods then sells the bread for $22.00 to Susan, who likes to eat bread. Taking these two transactions into account, what is the effect on GDP?
(Refer to Figure 15.) Between 1000Z and 1200Z the visibility at KMEM is forecast to be
The binding of an antigen to an antibody can result in:
In smooth muscle cells, crossbridges have a configuration that is different from skeletal muscle and allows a large degree of shortening
As discussed in lecture, which of the following is NOT one of the reasons why couples today are divorcing more than in the past?
Convert the following metric units: 1 dam = ______m
The drive wheel of a vehicle having mass m = 1 kg and radius of gyration kC = 1.5 m rolls without slipping against a stationary surface. The vehicle's drive train applies opposing forces P of magnitude 20 N to an inner hub of radius Ri of the wheel. The wheel's inner and outer radii are RO = 2 m, Ri = 1 m.  Find the speed of the wheel's center after it has traveled
Which is more anterior?
A researcher will be using some calcium chloride solutions for an experiment. She has to prepare the solutions that are needed. How many grams of calcium chloride are needed to prepare [x] mL of a [y] M calcium chloride solution?   [Note: the molar mass of calcium chloride is 110.98 g/mol and the molar mass of water is 18.015 g/mol.] [You must only enter your final, numerical answer here.  Immediately after the exam you may submit your work so as to obtain partial credit, if necessary]
Which of the following is a Meta-Data scheme focused specifically on documents?
Assessment of Children with Disabilities must be administered by any school personnel and parents.
