Table.  pH of common substances    Substance  Stomach acid Coffee Pure water Ammonia Sodium hydroxide (NaOH)   pH 2 5 7 11.5 13          Refer to the table and compare sodium hydroxide and water.  The concentration of hydrogen ions is [______] times [compare] in water than in sodium hydroxide.
Determine whether each statement is true or false.    The P-value is the probability that the null hypothesis is true. [false]     The population mean is always contained in a level C confidence interval for the population mean. [false2]     The sample mean is always contained in a level C confidence interval for the population mean. [true]
A stressed out mom brings in expressed breast milk with her 6 month old infant to preschool on Monday morning.  You notice the milk is warm.  When asked, Mom states the milk was expressed on Saturday, stored in her refrigerator, but has been in        her purse for the past two hours as she got ready for work, because she didn't want to forget it.  You should:
The Sapir-Whorf hypothesis suggests that
Which of the following is not one of the basic features of narrative?
21) A little girl was playing in the snow one day and found that she was wiping her nose quite often. The "runny nose" that she was experiencing due to the cold temperatures resulted from A) an insufficient production of mucus B) an inadequate supply of blood to the nasal epithelium C) the slowed activity of nasal cilia D) a buildup of tears in the nasal septum E) the inability of the sinuses to drain
Cilia are membrane-bounded, centriole-derived projections from the cell surface that contain a microtubule cytoskeleton, the ciliary axoneme, surrounded by a ciliary membrane. Which of the following is normally associated with the cilia in mammals?
The interest rate charged in the federal funds market; the interest rate banks charge one another for overnight borrowing
Which of the following correctly matches the type of inheritance with its description or example?    Incomplete dominance: the heterozygote phenotype is intermediate between the two homozygous phenotypes Polygenetic traits: one gene may cause many different phenotypes Codominance and Multiple Alleles: flower color in peas X-linked inheritance: hemophilia Both A and D are correct.
The nurse is caring for an infant with suspected pyloric stenosis. Which clinical manifestation would indicate pyloric stenosis?
The hormone released by the adrenal gland that is responsible for reabsorption of sodium ions.
When K-40 undergoes beta-decay, the product is Ar-40.
Note: this question requires two written answers! It has been proposed that giraffes evolved long necks to make it easier to reach and eat leaves high on trees. Long necks may also make it easier for male giraffes to win "neck wrestling" contests in which male giraffes batter each other with their necks for access to females (I'm not making this up). A. What type or mode of natural selection  (disruptive, stabilizing, or directional) is acting on giraffe neck length if  giraffes with longer next have higher survival and produce more offspring than giraffes with intermediate or shorter necks? Explain your answer, using complete sentences. (4 pts.)  B. What type of sexual selection (intraspecific or interspecific) is operating on male giraffes, if males with longer necks win more battles and thus get to reproduce more than than males with shorter necks? Explain your answer, using complete sentences. (4 pts.)
What abnormal signs and symptoms did you recognize and how did you prioritize your care of this patient?
Phospholipid tails are hydrophilic and are attracted to water.
EXTRA CREDIT: The chemotherapeutic drug classification that would be responsible for an increased incidence of peripheral nerve damage would be
Which of the following is not under the direct control of the Fed?
In psychology, the characteristics by which people define male and female, whether biologically or socially influenced, is referred to as
Which of the following is commonly classified as a female secondary sex characteristic?
What part of the prokaryotic cell is used for movement?
