A client with malignant melanoma has been prescribed alpha interferon, a biologic response modifier. Since this drug prolongs the cell cycle, increasing the percentage of cells in the G0 phase, and stimulates NK cells and T-lymphocyte killer cells, the clinician can anticipate that they may experience which common side effects?
This hormone is released when glucose levels rise in the blood stream.
Which group of soil organisms is often responsible for decomposition of organic residues, particularly those that are more resistant to degradation, in neutral to alkaline soils?
Which of the following was a result of late-nineteenth-century industrial development?
The Education Longitudinal Study is a nationally representative survey of high school sophomores in 2002. They asked students, "Overall, about how much time do you spend on homework each week?"  Given these sample data, what is the 90% confidence interval of the mean?
A vaccine is available to prevent which infection?
Dr. Blakely A patient reports to the emergency room for a nosebleed that will not stop bleeding. Which one of the medications listed below may be an appropriate treatment option for this patient?
A 49 year old male with AIDS presents to the ED with shortness of breath and is found to have PCP pneumonia. His O2 saturation is 74% on a 100% non-rebreather mask. The ED physician decides to intubate the patient with a size 7.5 ETT. The patient is given intubation medications, and the blood pressure cuff is set to cycle every minute. The patient is ventilated before intubation with the ambu bag using 15L O2. The ETT is placed with the tip at the tracheal-bronchi junction. The stylet is removed and the cuff is inflated. The pulse ox is checked to confirm proper ETT placement. Which of the following are incorrect?
Contraction of the rectus abdominis muscles would result in
So this occurs on my hallway floor each sunny morning.  Light from the sun passes through decorative glass of my front door and moves along the floor as the earth rotates(or as would be more commonly said the sun rises).  What is taking place with the glass in the door to cause this "rainbow" of colors to be seen on my floor?
Secondary minerals are most prominent in the ________ fraction of soils.
SECTION C:         QUESTION 3         [Symbolic Language Questions]
Fat-soluble vitamins are first absorbed into
The nurse has entered a client's room and observes that the client is hunched over and appears to be breathing rapidly. What type of question should the nurse first implement in this interaction?
Which reflex utilizes stretch receptors and the phrenic nerve to prevent overinflation of the lungs?
Laser therapy is based on photon energy to promote the healing process.
A 3-year-old is hospitalized, and is separated from his parents. The child begins to suck his thumb, even though he has not displayed this behavior in over a year. What is the nurse's best interpretation of this behavior?
EXTRA CREDIT: Use the diagram of the earth's annual transit around the sun below to match the position the Plane of the Ecliptic and our "sun events" on or near those specific dates (ONE ANSWER IS USED TWICE) 1 point extra credit/correct answer, 4 possible extra credit points
The nurse is caring for an older-adult patient with a diagnosis of urinary tract infection (UTI). Upon assessment the nurse finds the patient confused and agitated. How will the nurse interpret these assessment findings?
Which of the following is a main limitation of GDP?
