Dr. He A 31-year-old woman with HIV disease complains of vulvar itching, burning, and vaginal discharge with rancid odor for 2 months. She presents to the ambulatory care clinic for evaluation. She has had unprotected sexual intercourse with multiple male partners during the past several weeks. The vaginal discharge is yellow-green in color, frothy, and has a pH of 7.0. Vulvovaginal examination reveals vulvar edema and erythema and petechia on the cervix. Wet smear reveals large numbers of mature epithelial cells, white blood cells, and a fusiform protozoan organism. What is he most appropriate treatment for this patient?
What are the three major life-threatening complications postoperatively of a thyroidectomy?
Firm end feel is the most common end feel, is felt at the end of full PROM, and has a slight give on overpressure.
Which of the following is an antiparkinson agent?
Which of the following is a good way for a nursing assistant to care for a mentally ill resident?
Consider Dave's Beach House. Dave is running an AirBnB on the Jersey Shore this summer. He is renting his beach house out one week at a time to groups of young people looking to party by the ocean. Most "good customers" will leave his beach house in the same condition it was in when their rental period began. Other "jerks" will trash the beach house, causing high cleanup costs of $2000. Finally, there is a small chance that the beach house is occupied by some hard parties who destroy the beach house. In that case, Dave will incur $100,000 in damage costs immediately. Further assume that that the probability distribution of the these customer types is:   Pr(Good Customers) = 75% Pr(Jerks)  = 24% Pr(Hard Partiers) = 1%   The weekly rental price is $7,000 and he has $2,000 in weekly costs associated with renting out the beach house. Dave has three options. Option 1 is to rent the beach house without stipulation. Option 2 is to deny the rental application and let the house sit vacant, paying upkeep on the property but not gaining any revenue.  Option 3 is to rent the beach house and pay a property manager to watch over the beach house to prevent damage. The property manager can keep jerks from causing any damage, however "hard partiers" will still destroy the place even under the watchful eye of the property manager. The cost of the property manager is $1,000 per week. The expected value of perfect information (EVPI) is the increase in the expected profit that would result if one knew with certainty which type of customer was trying to book a reservation at the beach house.  Assume Dave is a rational profit maximizing manager of his beach house. Choose the answer below that represents the maximum amount of money that Dave would pay for a background report on each prospective renter that provides perfect information about how they will treat his beach house during their stay?
Paris is divided into 20 areas of town or districts. What do the French call a "district?"  Ou habitez-vous?
Standards for geometric design of highways are provided in the:
Signs and symptoms of a patient experiencing hypoglycemia include:
As discussed in class, which is true of a biblical counselor?
2.6   A hydraulic jack is a device used to lift heavy objects. By pumping the handle of the jack, the hydraulic fluid moves to the output piston.   [1]
A patient's radiation implant has become dislodged overnight, and the nurse finds it in the client's bed. What does the nurse do first?
Washington, Inc. produces two different products (Product C and Product 2) using two different activities: Machining, which uses machine hours as an activity driver, and Inspection, which uses number of batches as an activity driver. The cost of Machining is $750,000, while the cost of Inspection is $90,000. The activity drivers are used as follows:           Product C   Product 2   Total     Machine hours   1,000   3,000   4,000     Number of batches   45   15   60         What is the activity rate for Machining?
The following table shows the results of a between-subjects ANOVA. Based on this table, what is the value for eta squared (e2), the percentage of variance accounted for?      Source                         SS        df        MS            Between Groups        36          2          8                Within Groups            64        21          4                Total                           100        23
Which of the follow is not true concerning permanent book/tax differences?
Which of these elements has the highest ionization energy?
All of the following structures contribute to the ability of pathogenic bacteria to cause disease except:
Edvard Munch, who painted The Scream in 1893, was from:
The Moon always keeps the same side facing Earth and therefore Earth always keeps the same side facing the Moon.
What is a difference between primary and secondary immune responses?
