Three kinds of tickets are available for a concert: "up close", "in the middle", and "nosebleed". "Up close" tickets cost $20 more than "in the middle" tickets. "In the middle" tickets cost $35 more than "nosebleed" tickets. Twice the cost of an "up close ticket is $30 more than 10 times the cost of a "nosebleed" ticket. (a) Write a system of equations that models this application, where x is the price of "up close" tickets, y is the price of "in the middle" tickets, and z is the price of "nosebleed" tickets. (b) Find the price of each kind of ticket by solving the system of equations produced in step a. You will only receive credit if you use solving systems techniques on the equations set up in a, and show your work. NO CREDIT WILL BE PROVIDED FOR ANSWERS OBTAINED THROUGH OTHER MEANS (such as 'guessing' at the prices).
For managers, communication can't be overemphasized because ________ requires communication.
Find each sum or difference. (x3 - 3x + 1) - (x3 + 7 - 12x)
A patient has left-sided heart failure. What symptoms would the nurse expect to find? (Select all that apply)
The nurse is auscultating fetal heart tones in a patient who is 37 weeks' gestation. While in a supine position, the patient states, "I'm getting lightheaded and dizzy." Which of the following nursing actions is most appropriate?
Uniform Supply accepted a $4,800, 90-day, 10% note from Tracy Janitorial on October 17. What entry should Uniform Supply make on January 15 of the next year when the note is paid? (Assume reversing entries are not made.) (Use 360 days a year.)
Select all the three time estimates that are used in PERT analysis
A resident tells you to not use a particular arm in obtaining their blood pressure.  What are some reasons for this?
152Er (Erbium) is unstable.  It undergoes an alpha decay, followed by three
Which of the following function as a check-point during B-cell development?
How would you document this pressure ulcer?
Sodium causes which of the following in the neuron?
An idealized self-image is
An outpatient pediatric clinic has the following skill mix: 1 Manager who is an SLP, 3 PTs, 4 OTs, 1 OTA, 1 SLP, 1 PT Aide, 1 OT Aide, 2 administrative staff, and 1 recreational therapist. What is the total number of productive staff at the clinic?
Identify the labeled blood vessel at #33.
Calculate the wavelength of light (in nm) if the light has a frequency of {x} s-1. Use a value of {y} for the  speed of light. Remember 1 m = {z} nm Do not include units with your answer.
In DNA replication in vivo, RNA primers are used. However, researchers used DNA primers instead in the lab because DNA primers are more stable. Why might this be the case?
All of the following are myths associated with battering, except:
According to Theory of Reasoned Action, what I think about the behavior and my ability to engage in the behavior is the only thing that matters.
Which of the following individuals showed that cleanliness played a role in human disease?
