Read the following visual element body paragraph from an Analyzing Visual Elements essay, and answer the following question/directive in the provided text box: Would you recommend revising this paragraph's topic sentence? Explain why you would or would not revise the topic sentence.            1The ad for Clairol Nice 'N Easy Permanent Hair Color evokes a feeling of excitement in the target audience, and this excitement is shown in all elements of the ad, especially in the text. 2The ad's words and phrases made the target audience feel excited about the product. 3Eva Longoria, the ad's model, looks calm, pretty, and confident. 4Eva Longoria is a well-known actress from Desperate Housewives who is considered beautiful by the majority of the general population. 5Viewers will believe that using the Nice 'N Easy product will make their hair color fresh, while making them feel calm, pretty, confident, and excited because the ad reads, "Show off your shine!" 6The text of the ad used wording like "Free your color." 7Viewers will feel an immediate sense of hair liberation when using the Nice 'N Easy hair color, which is exciting. 8Eva Longoria looks fit, fresh, and free, and her hair is beautiful. 9Another quote read, "The hair color that doesn't look like hair color."  10 This is an exciting thought. 11The text in the ad was exciting and fresh.
3.3   Kies die regte woord uit die onderstaande keuselys:  Ortofotokaarte gebruik 'n [1] lugfoto   (1)
Preoperative Diagnoses: 1. Large right renal pelvic stone. 2. Multiple medium-to-large nonobstructing calyceal stones. Postoperative Diagnoses: Same Procedure Performed: Renoscopy with pyelotomy, extraction of renal calculi Indications for Procedure: A 68-year-old female who had presented with complaints of right flank pain. CT imaging had revealed a large stone obstructing the right renal pelvis. In addition to that, she had multiple stones in the mid-to-lower calyceal structures. The stones in the calyces were nonobstructing. She presents today for extraction of her large right renal pelvic stone. Additionally, renal endoscopy is being performed to remove her additional renal stones. Procedure and Findings: The patient was brought to the operating room, received general anesthesia via an endotracheal tube, placed in a modified left flank position. Her lower chest and abdomen were prepped and draped in a sterile fashion. Abdomen was insufflated with CO2 via Veress needle. Laparoscopic robotic trocars had been placed. The assistant surgeon reflected the right colon exposing the right kidney. Dissection was carried out on the ureter and traced to the renal pelvis. Renal pelvis was opened and the assistant surgeon had extracted a large stone. Via this pyelotomy, a 16-French flexible cystoscopy was advanced across our laparoscopic trocar and into the renal pelvis. Under direct vision, the various infundibular and calyceal structures were inspected. Several medium stones were identified. These were snared within a stone basket and extracted. I noted there were additional stones in the lower pole, infundibulum and calyx. Again, the basket was used to extract the stones. At the conclusion of the renoscopy, it appeared that the patient was stone free. The assistant surgeon closed the pyelotomy. The patient was removed from anesthesia and transferred to the post anesthesia care unit. The patient will be admitted and evaluated in the morning for. possible discharge.  Principal diagnosis: [dx1] Principal procedure: [proc1]Secondary procedure(s): [proc2]Assign MS-DRG: [msdrg1]
Which is the best explanation for why you cannot easily palpate the C1 vertebra? It has no distinct spinous process
Which high-level simulation modeling approach does ARENA employ?
Tacit knowledge is knowledge that is not formally or openly expressed. 2Knowing how to win a promotion, cut through red tape, or when to reward or criticize subordinates are all  _______________of tacit knowledge.
Annealing a cold-worked metal lowers the dislocation density to about __ cm/cm^3.
Calculate DSdegrxnfor the following reaction.  The Sdeg for each species is shown below the reaction.  Sdeg(J/mol[?]K)         192.8          205.2        210.8        188.8
Which of the following statements regarding Pearson's correlation coefficient r is true? (multiple answers)
Skeletal muscle contains many different proteins that have multiple isoforms, and these isoforms alter contractile properties, tuning muscle to be "fast" or "slow". For this question, please address whether you believe there are distinct fiber types, or a continuum of fiber properties. Justify your answer with examples of muscle proteins.
In an organization, the activities of transmitting information, coordinating effort, and sharing emotion and feeling is the purpose of
The sugar that first bonds with carbon dioxide in the Calvin cycle is:
A patient in myxedema coma has been admitted to the ICU for treatment and subsequent monitoring. Ultimately, which of the following factors leads to insufficient cardiac output and decreased perfusion in this condition?
1.2.1   Refer to lines 9-11. Identify the figure of speech in these lines.   (1)
Have smooth surfaces.
9. Paul is the director of recruitment at Times Clockworks. After running a thorough study of their employees' backgrounds, Paul finds that Times Clockworks has disparate impact in the proportion of Hispanic employees compared to the proportion of Hispanics in its labor market. Which of the following steps should Paul take to solve the problem most efficiently?
Why, in the case of our "mystery" method, was recursion slower than iteration?   original method from the lab (if you wanted a reference): public static int mystery (int num){  if (num
A thin, loosely bound glycocalyx is referred to as a:
"Stan is on the left side of the political spectrum. He is further to the left than liberals, but not as far on the left as communists. Which political ideology best describes him?"
Which of these situations generally creates the greatest risk of a flawed conveyance of real property?
