VRAAG 3     Rian is Greg se pa. Hy het aangebied om vir die aflewering van Greg se geskenke te betaal, maar hy het gese dat hy eers na die gesin se begroting sal kyk.      INKOMSTE  UITGAWES    Rian se salaris R27 000 Huur  R5 000   Mary se salaris A Mediese fonds  B   Rente op beleggings R1 000 Kar paaiement R4 700     Skool fooie R1 860     Kruideniersware  R3 000     Vermaak R1 500     Water en elektrisiteit R1 200     Selfoon kontrak R1 800     Wifi R400     Petrol R3 000   Totale Inkomste R40 000 Totale Uitgawes C          3.1   Bereken Mary se salaris (A)   (2)     3.2   Bereken hoeveel hulle elke maand vir mediesefonds betaal (B) as hul mediesefonds die helfte van die huurgeld is.   (2)     3.3   Bereken hul totale uitgawes (C).   (2)     3.4   Toon hul begroting 'n oorskot of tekort? Gee 'n rede vir jou antwoord en toon alle berekeninge.   (3)     3.5   Teken die volgende tabel op jou antwoordblad en vul dit in om al hul vaste en veranderlike uitgawes te toon.       Vaste uitgawes    Bedrag   Veranderlike uitgawes    Bedrag                       Totaal   Totaal             (6)     3.6   Noem een soort uitgawe wat in hul begroting ontbreek.   (1)
Using the photo below, match the following with a letter: GLOMERULUS
A 1000-kg car is moving at 30 m/s around a horizontal unbanked curve whose diameter is 0.20 km. What is the magnitude of the friction force required to keep the car from sliding?
Organic search engine marketing does not cost a business anything.
The ambulance origin modifier used for Home.
BMI (Body Mass Index) is an indicator for obesity, but fails to distinguish adipose tissue from muscle
Which of the following groups do NOT represent a monophyletic clade?
A patient who complains of a "hangover" (headache, grogginess, nausea) is probably suffering from diffusion hypoxia due to an inadequate oxygenation period after the sedation.
Consider the reaction X - Y + Z Which of the following is a possible rate law?
A concentrated amount of medication administered rapidly inravenously is called:
This person was the first baby boomer and second youngest to be elected president.
During cellular respiration, NADPH is oxidized to form NADP+
Act 1: Scene 2 Why does Gabriel have a metal plate in his head?
Which of the following sets of quantum numbers is NOT permissible?
Which of the following is anti-aromatic?
The official paths through which orders flow from management to personnel who carry out the orders are known as...
Why does Nanny choose this man as Janie's first husband? Be specific.
3.4   In a paragraph of 50 - 100 words, Discuss how propoganda influenced the germand and cubin revolution.   (10)
Jordana is going through a difficult time. Her brother is having major health issues and she is having trouble keeping up with her workload while helping care for him. During this time, she depends heavily on support from her friends. Jordana's reaction to stress is best described as _____.
bdrk kll
