Which gland secrets sweat, fatty substances, and proteins and does not play a role in thermoregulation?
If you answered that the in-text citations are documented correctly in the following excerpt, then, in the provided text box, explain two reasons why they are correct.  OR If you answered that the in-text citations are NOT documented correctly in the following excerpt, then, in the provided text box, explain two reasons why they are not correct.                                        Introduction: 1.Imagine how many families in America include a family member who regularly consumes alcohol. 2.Several recent studies prove that the numbers are large, but many people do not understand the effect that alcohol use has on the family (Jost 56). 3.Susie Smith, author of the book Families in Crisis and a professor of Sociology at Yale University, argues that alcohol use leads to broken homes. 4.In her article, "Alcohol Abuse-Does Alcohol Use By a Parent Negatively Impact His or Her Family: Pro," she defends her position on the dangers of alcohol abuse. 5.On the other hand, James Johnson, a law professor at Stanford, condemns the use of alcohol, but he does not believe it ultimately hurts families; he validates his position in his article, "Alcohol Abuse-Does Alcohol Use By a Parent Negatively Impact His or Her Family: Con." 6.Smith uses outside sources and appeals to logic, while Johnson focuses on statistics and appeals to emotion, as these elements help him support his position.             First Rhetorical Tool body paragraph: 7.Rhetorical tools are used throughout Smith's article. 8.She uses outside sources to defend her argument. 9.Smith cites a 2010 report published in the Journal of Family Law and written by James McKey indicating that alcohol abuse is the second leading cause of marital break-ups in the United States (Smith, par. 5). 10.The rate of divorce due to alcohol use is even higher when children are involved (par. 5). 11.Studies show, unfortunately, that the "[p]ainful effects of their parents' breakups can stay with children for years" (par. 7). 12.Smith quotes Edward W. Barth, a psychiatrist and author of the new book Adult Children of Divorce, who observes that "children of single mothers get involved in substance abuse . . . more than kids with fathers at home" (par. 6). 13.Smith continuously places blame on the party who abuses alcohol, whether it is the wife or husband. 14.It is so imperative that you do not use alcohol because it may lead to divorce, which then may hurt the children. 15.Susie Smith cites outside authorities to note the painful effects of divorce that can result when a parent abuses alcohol.
Two motorcycles are riding around a circular track at the same centripetal acceleration. One motorcycle A is at a radius of 15 m; and the second motorcycle B is at a radius of 18 m. What is the ratio of their angular speed of motorcycle A to motorcycle B?
Is this the correct tree representing the internal morphological structure of the word reasonable?
Given most of us cannot produce everything we want to consume, we see most people and societies do what?
Will you help me carry these boxes? Yes, I ______.
Which one of the following diseases is caused by a prion?
Read the excerpt on Freedom Summer, then answer the following question:  The primary goal of Freedom Summer was to
Limits on campaign spending
90. What are the four (4) muscles that make up the Rotator Cuff?
Perpetrators do not typically
List the 3 things that happen in RNA processing in a eukaryotic cell.
Ganglia are...
MNs antibodies are primarily of which immunoglobulin type?
Las maracas provienen de Africa.
The dark brown pigment that contributes to skin color is
The major source of ______ in the American diet is processed foods.
A penetrating injury to which of the following organs is LEAST likely to result in severe hemorrhage?
Who accompanies Dante in his journey to the underworld in the Divine Comedy?
Figure 6.2Using Figure 6.2, match the following:Area where yellow marrow is found.
