QUESTION 3 Answer all questions properly and number according to the question paper. Answer using bullets.         3.1   Identify the macro-environment component that influences the following scenarios:         3.1.1   Mr. Jansen van Vuuren's shop was destroyed due to a tsunami striking the town.   (1)     3.1.2   The USA president announced yesterday that he will withdraw from all the African projects.    (1)     3.1.3   A new machine has arrived on the market which answers the phone and transfers calls to the correct extension. This machine will cause personal assistants to lose their jobs.   (1)     3.1.4   Due to the economy growing, more overseas investors are investing in South Africa.   (1)     3.2   Name and discuss any TWO reasons for unemployment.   (2X3)(6)     3.3   In Column A you will find challenges that any business faces. In Column B there are different solutions to these challenges.  You must link a challenge with a solution and give an explanation for why you suggest that solution. You are only allowed to use each solution once. Only write the question number with the solution and explanation next to it e.g. 3.4.7 G + your explanation.                 COLUMN A - CHALLENGES   COLUMN B - SOLUTIONS     3.3.1     Unskilled workers   A - Bargaining session     3.3.2     Unions have too much power   B - Improve production methods     3.3.3     New legislation   C - Influencing regulators     3.3.4     Social issues   D - Training and skills development     3.3.5     Inefficient use of resources   E -  Social responsibility       (5X2)(10)          TOTAL FOR QUESTION 3:   [20]         OR
The nurse is caring for a postoperative patient. After instructing the patient to cough and deep-breathe, what action should the nurse take next?
Most Independents in America have a weak attachment to one of the major political parties.
What is the coefficient for water when the following equation is balanced? _____HC2H3O2  +  _____K2CO3
Which of the following are appropriate initial settings for IPPB given to a new patient?
The executive staff member who serves as both an adviser to the president and manager of the White House Office is the
Goggles and gloves are mandatory for experiments involving dissections.
The quantity of frozen yogurt purchased by college students in a shop near a university decreases by 5% following a 10% price increase. This demand is
With increased sympathetic stimulation of the kidneys,
Organic compounds
51. Which ship was involved in the first global, comprehensive study of the Earth's oceans starting in 1872?
Problem 1. (10 points) Answer the following questions briefly. Do not put lengthy explanations.  (a) What is the difference between even and uneven materials? (b) How can you handle fatigue effects in the design process when the life of the machine part is 1~103 cycles? (c) What is the main reason of multiplying modifications factors when you try to obtain the corrected endurance limit? (b) Write down three static failure criteria for ductile materials. Which criterion do you want to apply for uneven materials? (e) How can you achieve the infinite life of a machine component which suffers from fluctuating loads?
Muscle or nerve cells may exit the cell cycle and reside in a non-dividing state called:
What is the advantage of Rocklatan over other medications in its category and other glaucoma medications in general.  Be specific and explain.
A client diagnosed with AIDS presents with the following signs/symptoms; vital signs: 102.8degF, 144/76, 88, 26, and oxygen saturation of 85%. The client complains of difficulty breathing, shortness of breath, and a productive cough. The nurse notes crackles bilaterally. The client denies nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea. Based on these findings, the nurse would anticipate which of the following orders? Select all that apply.
What is the reaction that transfers the a-amino group from one amino acid to an a-keto acid called?
2.2   Discuss why this cartoon can be seen as humorous.   (2)
According to the definition of Ethics in Chapter one:
Define Monotheism:
Assume that there are 150 players registered for a multiplayer online game. If every player is to be assigned a unique bit pattern, what is the minimum number of bits required to do this? [n] How many more players can be registered without requiring additional bits for each player's unique bit pattern? [s]
