Tahimi is working with a client who has difficulty giving up preferred items. To assess preference, she puts out multiple toys on a tabletop and her client is free to engage with any of the items for 5 min. Duration of engagement with each toy is measured. Preference hierarchies are established by ranking items according to the duration of  manipulation for each toy. Tahimi is using this type of assessment;
If we were to conclude that a study is reliable, what we mean is that:
1a.  What is a unit of analysis (the answer should be related to the book definition, it does not have to be the actual definition)? 1b.  What is the difference between a topographical response definition and a functional definition, give an example of each
Question 3: Variable Selection (3a) 4pts - Conduct a complete search to find the submodel with the smallest AIC. Fit this model. Include an intercept. Call it model2. Display the summary table for the model. Note: Remember to set family to binomial. (3a.1) Which variables are in your model2? (3a.2) Provide a plot of the AIC for the best model of each size. Hint: Use the Subsets component of bestglm. What do you see in this plot? (3b) 3pts - Conduct forward stepwise regression using BIC. Allow the minimum model to be the model with only an intercept, and the full model to be model1. Call it model3. Display the summary table for the model. Which variables are in your model3?  (3c) 7.5pts - Conduct lasso regression on the training set (dataTrain). Use target_5yrs as the response, and all other variables as the predicting variables. Use 10-fold cross validation on the classification error to select the optimal lambda value. (3c.1) What optimal lambda value did you obtain?(3c.2) Display the estimated coefficients at the optimal lambda value.(3c.3) How many coefficients were shrunk exactly to zero?(3c.4) Plot the paths of the lasso regression coefficients. As lambda decreases, which variable is the second variable to become non-zero?(3c.5) Fit a logistic regression model with target_5yrs as the response variable and the variables selected from lasso regression as predicting variables. Include an intercept. Call it model4. Display the summary table for the model. (3d) 1.5pts - Conduct a multicollinearity test on model2, model3, and model4. Using a VIF threshold of 10, have any of these variable selection approaches resulted in a model without the multicollinearity problem?
A corporation sold new shares of stock via a firm commitment. The company received $16.30 for each of the 40 million shares sold. The initial offering price was $17.10 per share and the stock rose to $24.40 per share immediately in the aftermarket. If the company paid $2,736,000 in direct legal and other costs and $2,052,000 in indirect costs, what was their flotation cost as a percentage of funds raised?
The Calvin Cycle occurs in which part of the chloroplast?
A random sample of 95 LU students contains 18 who go home every weekend while an independent random sample of 100 HSC students contains 9 who go home every weekend.  Find a 99% confidence interval for the difference between the proportion of LU students who go home every weekend and the proportion of HSC students who go home every weekend.  Then find the margin of error.
The labeled sensory receptor in the skin figure responds to what type of stimuli?
Which of the following connects muscles to bones?
Given the following data, what would be the value for POSITION A for the locations on the box and whisker plot below. (Sorry, I can't draw the thing to scale): [a]  [b]  [c]   [d]  [f]   [g]
A client was admitted with diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA). What assessment findings are anticipated?
Questions 14-21 refer to a toy car which can move to the right or left along a horizontal line (the positive part of the distance axis).  Assume that friction is so small that it can be ignored. A force is applied to the car. Choose the one force graph (A through H) for the statement below which could allow the described motion of the car to continue. You may use a choice more than once or not at all. If you think that none is correct, answer choice J.  Question 20: The car moves toward the right, speeds up and then slows down.
A dietary deficiency in iodide can result in the development of a goiter.
A third-party payer may be
The French term mise-en-scene refers to the arrangement of everything that appears in the frame which can include which of the following:
According to your text book, a theme in ______________ life involves strong religious beliefs and a close relationship with the church. Many families consider the church to be a part of the extended family.
Jamal Company began the year with $126,000 in its Common Stock account and a balance in Retained Earnings of $54,000. During the year, the company earned net income of $27,000 and declared and paid $9,000 of dividends. In addition, the company sold additional common stock amounting to $33,000. Based on this information, what should the transaction analysis show for the ending total of all stockholders' equity accounts?
Thirty-three US states have legalized cannabis (marijuana) for medical use, whichwill most likely result in which of the following market changes?
A patient is to be scheduled for a barium enema, intravenous urogram and a gastrointestinal series.  The proper sequence for these exams is:
A covenant that binds a grantee and anyone acquiring the land from the grantee:
