DIRECTIONS: Choose the correct definition for each of the bold words in the passage.  The New King of the Dinosaurs? [A] Sports fans often imagine what would happen if two successful players from different times competed against each other. In boxing, who would win if a young Muhammad Ali were up against a young Mike Tyson? In golf, who would score better if Jack Nicklaus faced Tiger Woods? [B] Paleontologists - scientists who study fossils - like to play the same game with dinosaurs. Who would win a fight between a Tyrannosaurus rex (T. rex) and a Spinosaurus? These are two unbelievably powerful dinosaurs that never faced each other in real life. This is because the Spinosaurus lived almost 10 million years before the T. rex. The movie Jurassic Park III attempts to answer this question. After a bloody battle, the Spinosaurus eventually wins the match by breaking the neck of the T. rex. [C] For people who are not dinosaur experts, this result might be unexpected. Most people learn from a young age that the T. rex was the most dangerous and fearsome dinosaur. However, dinosaur experts are beginning to give the Spinosaurus more credit. One reason for this is because detailed information about the Spinosaurus has only been collected in the last few decades. [D] In 1914, the German paleontologist Stromer von Reichenbach first discovered some important parts of the dinosaur. These included several large spines that were clearly used to support a giant sail on the dinosaur's back. Stromer thus gave this new dinosaur the name "Spinosaurus." Until 1944, the fossils were displayed at a Munich museum. However, when Munich was bombed during World War II, all of Stromer's fossils were destroyed. For more than 50 years, very little new information about the Spinosaurus was discovered. [E] In the early 21st century, however, large sets of Spinosaurus fossils were found. As a result, we now have much more information about this amazing creature. Scientists now know that this extremely large dinosaur was almost 15 meters long and larger than the T. rex. Scientists have also learned that the Spinosaurus had many wonderful talents. One of these was its impressive swimming ability. It was also one of the only dinosaurs that could travel both on land and in water. [F] Because of its size and talent, the Spinosaurus might win another battle with the T. rex - the battle for the most interesting dinosaur. In 50 more years, the Spinosaurus might just become the world's most popular dinosaur.wonderful
A nurse provides health promotion and accident prevention programs for a family with adolescents and young adults. Which of the following is a task of a family at this stage?
After properly performing the Gram stain, the sample is pink. What is true of your sample?
La comida [dropdown1] Pablo.
Which one of the following compounds is inorganic?
The lobes of the thyroid gland are connected by an isthmus.
Where is the best place to observe for the presence of petechiae in dark-skinned individuals?
The source of blood carried to capillaries in the myocardium would be the
Quantity is more important than quality when purchasing musical supplies and equipment
This perfume is the most popular perfume in the world.
Theophilus means lover of God.
The main function of the neutrophil is:
Notes receivable are classified as current liabilities regardless of the time to maturity.
When we brainstorm for solutions, which of the following goals would lead to more high-quality ideas?
What is the effect of turbulence of the air passing through the nasal cavity?
17. A written agency agreement is called a power of attorney.
Malicious statements are
If you find that your outcome measure (throwing accuracy) is not normally distributed what test should you run instead.
Early in its evolutionary history, the primate lineage split into two main branches: the _______ and the _______.
When does chromosome duplication occur?
