VRAAG 2  ALGEMENE GROOTBOEK         2.1   Gebruik die volgende inligting om slegs die Handelsvoorraadrekening in die Algemene Grootboek van Menlo Kleinhandelaars vir die tydperk 1 Mei 2020 tot 31 Mei 2020 op te stel. Die rekening moet behoorlik aan die einde van die tydperk afgesluit word.                 Let daarop dat Menlo Kleinhandelaars goedere verkoop teen 'n winsopslag van 40% op kosprys.                 INLIGTING:                 Op 31 Mei 2020 (die einde van die maand) was daar voorraad met 'n kosprys van R34 000 wat nie verkoop is nie.                 Gedurende Mei is voorraad ter waarde van R56 000 pet tjek aangekoop.                 Goedere met 'n kosprys van R22 000 is gedurende die maand aan debiteure verkoop.                 Daar is R800 se voorraad uit die kleinkas aangekoop                 Goedere ter waarde van R45 000 is gedurende die maand op skuld by krediteure aangekoop.                 Goedere met 'n kosprys van R16 500 is kontant verkoop.                 Voorraad waarmee ons nie tevrede was nie, is aan krediteure teruggestuur, R5 980.                 Debiteure het voorraad met 'n kosprys van R4 100 aan ons teruggestuur.   (19)         2.2   Op 1 Mei 2020 verskyn die volgende saldo's en totale onder andere in die Algemene Grootboek van Menlo Kleinhandelaars:Kleinkas R500                 Op 31 Mei 2020 het die volgende inligting in die kleinkasjoernaal voorgekom:                 KLEINKASJOERNAAL Kleinkas                                                  403 Handelsvoorraad                                   102 Skryfbehoeftes                                       35 Posgeld                                                    16 Diverse rekeninge                                     ?                  Gebruik die inligting om die geopende rekeninge in die Algemene Grootboek van Menlo Kleinhandelaars volledig te voltooi.   (7)                 [26]
A soil that exhibits "a mixture" of the properties of sand, silt, and clay is known as a(n):
Water containing an abundance of nutrients, which encourages lush growth of such plants as algae, is termed
What do Habits 1, 2, and 3 make up?
What are complete proteins?
Now that you have completed the semester, please write a brief 8-10 sentence paragraph that is a reflection piece on this course. You can talk about any progress made, things this course made you realize about your fitness/nutrition levels, how you will incorporate anything learned from this course in the future, etc.
The Blake Mouton Managerial Grid focuses on what two dimensions:
Given the following method in the Restaurant class,       Modifier and Type   Method and Description     void   assignServer(Table t) assignServer method randomly assigns a server from the list of servers to the current table        and   Restaurant myFavorite = new Restaurant(); Table table1 = new Table(4);   Explain two things that are wrong with the following statement.  table1.assignServer();
The following set of data was obtained by the method of initial rates for the reaction: (H3C)3CBr + OH- - (H3C)3COH + Br- What is the value of the rate constant, k?
The organism that resembles Neisseria that is unable to utilize any carbohydrates and is DNAse positive is:
The attached image is of what type of freestall pen design? Your answer should be how it's commonly described/titled. (Ted will hand grade)
A nurse overhears the patient on the phone saying "You should always follow the golden rule when it comes to life." The nurse understands which non-nursing theorist emphasized universal ethical principles?
What is the title of the following painting by Renaissance artist, Leonardo da Vinci?
Infant respiratory distress syndrome occurs because premature infants lack the ability to produce surfactant. This results in:
What are the 4 stages of displacement cascade?
If there is an oil embargo (a collusive agreement among oil-exporting countries) which restricts the supply of gasoline to the world, what happens to the market?
Which mechanism leads to activation of hair cells in the semicircular canals?
To ensure safety in the workplace, an administrator should make certain always to:
13-Scratch Writing Area: Use this area to jot down notes or to complete calculations as needed during your quiz/test.
Which one of the following is used for calculating internal consistency for tests whose questions can be scored as either right or wrong (i.e., dichotomous data)?
