A nurse educating in the community works with a variety of clients from a variety of backgrounds. In order to provide effective education, the nurse must:
Using the example 1/3 + 1/4 and a math drawing, explain why we give fractions a common denominator to add them. What is the logic behind that process? What are we really doing when we give fractions a common denominator?
We discussed human papillomavirus (HPV) in class, and noted it is quite common in adolescence. How many adolescents are estimated to have HPV? What are two possible outcomes of this STI if not treated? What are the best approaches to reducing rates of this STI in the adolescent population?
Short Answer Questions (5 points each):  Answer the question as completely as possible--be clear, explain, and support your answer.  Keep these answers brief--no more than 2 sentences, please. Identify the text and briefly explain the meaning of this excerpt.  Master, if you do not speak, how would little ones like us still be able to hand down any teachings? The Master said: "Does Heaven speak? Yet the four seasons follow their course and the hundred creatures continue to be born. Does Heaven speak?
The synaptic cleft is best defined as
Jodi's nutritional intake for one day revealed the following: 2010 kcalories, 90 g of fat, 80 g protein, and 220 g of carbohydrate. Jodi's protein intake is:
Which of the following crystals is characteristically seen in patients with gout?
Which of the pinned structures is the extensor pollicis brevis?
On March 12, Korn Company sold merchandise in the amount of $7,800 to Babcock Company, with credit terms of 2/10, n/30. The cost of the items sold is $4,500. Korn uses the perpetual inventory system and the gross method of accounting for sales. On March 15, Babcock returns some of the merchandise, which is not defective. The selling price of the returned merchandise is $600 and the cost of the merchandise returned is $350. The entry or entries that Korn must make on March 15 is:
Which of the following statements concerning synaptic transmission is correct?
Use the following patient vignette to answer questions 31 and 32. A 76-year-old man is evaluated by his primary care provider for the recent development of resting tremors in the right hand. The symptoms presented about 6 months ago and they have slowly worsened. Past medical history is significant for depression. He denies recent traumas. He takes no medications other than OTC ibuprofen for mild arthritis and Zoloft for his depression. The patient is afebrile and vital signs are within normal limits. No palpable masses are observed in the thyroid area. Physical examination confirms resting tremors in the right hand only. Propensity to shuffle while walking is also observed. Neurological examination excludes loss of sensation in toes and fingers. The patient appears oriented to person, place, and time. No memory issues are noted. 31. Based on this presentation, what would you suspect to be the most likely diagnosis?
If the intensity of selection measure i is unchanged following selection, but j is positive, what mode of selection is acting on the population?
Which of the following substances can be secreted into the distal convoluted tubule?
List and define the 4 human endowments.
Which of the following scenarios most likely is sexual harassment?
Place the following in order of decreasing magnitude of lattice energy.  NaF RbBr KCl
?Cual casa te gusta? Me gusta _______________/
According to AABB standards, Fresh Frozen Plasma must be infused within what period of time following thawing, when stored at 1-6degC?
Which of the following is the redesigned variation on the Uniform Crime Reports that focuses on an expanded list of 22 crimes, including emerging issues such as hate or bias crimes?
According to Piaget, adolescents tend to be in what stage of cognitive development?
