Problem  No. 1  A double angle shape, 2L6x4x5/16 is connected by a  3/4 -in gusset plate with LLBB as shown below.  The total tensile service load (unfactored load)  applied is it is 25% dead load and 75% live load.  The bolts are 7/8-in-diameter, A325 bearing-type.  The angle material is A572 Grade 50 steel, and the gusset is A36 steel. Hint: Check all possible failure possibilities, including block shear. Gage spacing (bolt raw spacing) see Manual p1-52 (Table 1-7A). Based on this answer the following question: Question 1.17: What is the LRFD design strength against BLOCK SHEAR OF THE ANGLEs (modified Nominal strength in accordance to LRFD consideration)? [Enter value in kips]
What is the major organic product of treating CH2=CHCH2CH2COOH with (1) LiAlH4 in ether; (2) H3O+?
Older adults might believe that things are better now then they were in the "old days." What kid of bias is this?
________ involve(s) the ongoing maintenance and persistence of motivated action because it involves all the post-decisional processes that sustain ongoing activity.
The study of genetic events that occur in a gen pool is,
Refer to the image above.  Name the function of "F."
When massaging the infant's arms during a well-baby massage routine, which movement should be performed last?
Instructions: Identify the informal fallacy in each of the following passages. Reference: Ref 4-1 Are you still spending the money you stole from me?
The amount of cash to be reported on the balance sheet at June 30 is the
Each single component of a fixed bridge is called a(n):
A protozoan cell is put into a beaker of pure water. Predict what will happen to the protozoan cell.
Husband and Wife were married in Orlando, Florida 15 years ago.  The parties moved out of  Florida  after  their  marriage  and  resided  together in  different  locations  due  to  Husband's  military  service.    Husband  retired  from  the  military  four  months  ago,  after  serving  20  years.    The  parties  moved  back  to  Orlando,  Florida  with  their  two  minor  children, Son, age 14, and Daughter, age 3.  The parties purchased a home, and titled the  home  in  Wife's  name.    Husband  immediately  found  a  job  as  a  supervisor  for  a  security company earning $88,000 per year.  Husband also receives $4,000 per month from  his  military  pension.    Wife,  a  college  graduate,  has  not  worked  outside  the  home  for 15 years. Right  after  they  moved  to  Florida,  Husband  had  an  affair  with his  former  high  school  girlfriend.  Despite Husband's efforts to keep this affair secret, Wife discovered the affair one  month  after  they  moved  to  Orlando.    Wife immediately  filed  a  dissolution  of  marriage seeking alimony; exclusive use, possession, and ownership of the home; and half of Husband's military pension.  Husband  comes  to  your  office  seeking  representation  on  his  divorce  with  Wife.    He  prefers not to get divorced, and wants to know if there is anything he can do to dismiss the case so he can work on the marriage.  However, if he is not successful in getting the case  dismissed,  he  would  like  to  have  equal  time  with  Son  and Daughter.    He  would  also like to sell his home and split the proceeds with Wife.  He does not want Wife to get any of his pension or alimony.  Prepare a memorandum of law evaluating the merits and likely outcomes of each spouse's position.
Suppose that productivity growth in an economy over a two-year period has fallen to less than 2% per year, causing a severe recession. From the neoclassical view, which of the following will be more important in these circumstances?
25) Cattle are able to survive on a diet consisting almost entirely of plant material because cattle ________.
Eustress refers to
Consider the function below and give the value of f ' ' (1)  (the second derivative, evaluated at x=1), showing all necessary work.  Give an exact answer.
Turkeys have a larger dressing percentage (79%) compared to chickens (72%) because
What does the RVR value, depicted on certain straight-in IAP Charts, represent?
Which statement is true about RNA?
The term isotope refers to an atom that has extra protons in its nucleus.
