El indicativo o el subjuntivo en clausulas nominales. Tu amigo tiene un hermano con una empresa de chocolate organico y te cuenta de su empresa. Completa el parrafo con el verbo correcto (indicativo o subjuntivo) en cada caso, segun el contexto.  (12 puntos)   Es verdad que (1) [hay] (hay/haya) empresas que practican el comercio justo, por ejemplo, la empresa de chocolate organico de mi hermano Alfredo. Su empresa trabaja con agricultores que forman parte de cooperativas. Es increible que la empresa les (2) [pague](paga/pague) a los agricultores un precio equitativo que asegure una produccion sostenible y un buen nivel de vida. Tambien, me gusta que la empresa les (3) [de] (da/de) un recargo (premium) que apoye el crecimiento de las cooperativas. Pienso que todos los ingredientes (4) [vienen] (vienen/vengan) de granjas organicas en Peru, Ecuador, Bolivia y la Republica Dominicana. Estoy orgullosa de mi hermano. Es impresionante que Alfredo (5) [haga] (hace/haga) crecer (grow) su propio negocio. Ojala que nosotros (6) [apoyemos] (apoyamos/apoyemos) a estos los agricultores.
Select the population that would benefit more from an exercise prescription that primarily focuses on the health-related domain.
A booster vaccination against this childhood disease is recommended for people over 50 in order to prevent shingles.
While the primary goal of the generous parental leave policies is to promote healthy child development, the policies are also meant to
Which statement about pollution is accurate? Select ALL that are correct answers.
The patient fills out the first section of the UCF.
The immigration to Yathrib is known as the
Any item, piece of equipment, software program, or product system that is used to increase, maintain, or improve the functional capabilities of persons with disabilities is
4a   Define 'social enterprise'   (2)
The client on a telemetry monitor has a heart rate of 45 bpm. The nurse knows that this rate would probably not increase oxygen demand for the myocardium, but the rate is indicative of:
The increase in girth associated with production of wood and bark in trees occurs as a consequence of
The first true antibiotic is:
The steps of Phagocytosis process in sequence include:
Find the probability.In one town, 63% of adults have health insurance. What is the probability that 6 adults selected at random from the town all have health insurance?
Determine the volume of O2 (at STP) formed when 50.0 g of KClO3 decomposes according to the following reaction. The molar mass for KClO3 is 122.55 g/mol.  2 KClO3(s) - 2 KCl(s) + 3 O2(g)
Which of the following is a characteristic of third-degree burns not present in second-degree burns?
A client drank 4 ounces of juice. How many mL's would the nurse record on the intake and output record?
Persistent variables are _____.
Which of the following vessels of the heart can be found within the atrioventricular sulcus?  (choose the 3 BEST answers...if it looks like less than 10% of its length runs along it on a model, that probably isn't it!)
The client's bankers are insisting on him taking out a life policy to cover a loan to one of his companies.  The client's bankers have required that life policies be taken out on several key directors.  Can you advise on and/or arrange these policies under the Scope Rules?
