Directions: This is a test of your ability to communicate in written English. Your writing will be graded on its overall effectiveness as well as on general correctness. You will have 45 minutes to write on the topic printed below. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Overall, the widespread use of the internet has a mostly positive effect on life in today's world.
Which ribs attach to the sternum?
Native Texan and commander of all US naval forces in the Pacific during World War II.
The most common cyst observed in the oral cavity is caused by pulpal inflammation and is called a(n) _____ cyst.
Because of the role of the navy in early broadcast history, the United States today has a national broadcasting system both controlled and supervised by the government.
Which of the following is homozygous?
When chemical, transport, or mechanical work is done by an organism, what happens to the heat generated?
For each of the following questions, provide a 1-2 paragraph response that fully answers the questions posed. Your responses will be graded for structure, grammar, and content.    In "Daisy Miller," a possible theme is the conflict between tradition and progress/change. Using specific examples from the story, explain how the author suggests this theme in his work.
Higher brain centers that alter the activity of the respiratory centers include all of the following except
Individuals with low self-esteem _______.
If the CPI was 132.5 at the end of 2002 and 137.5 at the end of 2003, the inflation rate over these two years was
The term that means "the ability to allow a patient to receive physical therapy services, including evaluation and treatment, without obtaining a referral from another provider" is which of the following?
Two different simple harmonic oscillators have the same natural frequency (f=5.00 Hz) when they are on the surface of the Earth. The first oscillator is a vertical spring and mass, the second is a pendulum. If both systems are moved to the surface of the moon (g=1.67 m/s2), what is the new frequency of the pendulum (in units of Hz)?
In the reaction H2(g) + I2(g)  2HI(g) what will happen to the direction of reaction if more HI is added to reaction vessel?
Emphasis on the vertical spaces was a characteristic of Gothic Architecture.
Which of the following positions would present the greatest challenge to balance?
Consider the function   Is  continuous at ? Is  differentiable at ?
In Newton's law of universal gravitation, F = GMm/R2, which defines the force between Earth with mass M and an orbiting satellite of mass m at a distance R from Earth, G
During the manic phase of bipolar disorder, individuals are most likely to
If a child's mental age is higher than his or her chronological age, this means that
