3.6   Is this an example of satire? Give three reasons for your answer.   (4)
Describe the differences between feeling blue and depression.
Revert Creations sells a single product at a price of $50 per unit. Fixed costs total $312,000 and variable costs per unit are $24. Revert is considering the purchase of new equipment that would reduce variable costs per unit to $21, but fixed costs would increase to $334,370. Above what volume would Revert be profitable with the new machine, assuming the selling price remains constant?
Which of the following Incoterm provides the best term for the buyer (that is, the seller will pay for all delivery costs, taxes and duty)?
Write a JavaFX GUI program with file name LastnameFirstnameExam5.java that meets the following requirements and adheres to the layout included sketch.  Must set the title of the window to be "1331 Exam 5 - YOURNAME", where YOURNAME is replaced with your first and last name. Must include some non-editable text at the top to the window (not the title) with a short phrase of your choosing. Change the text font to either Georgia, Papyrus, Courier New, or Comic Sans MS; it cannot be the default font. Font size should be 12. Must include a plain Button.  The button must toggle the color of the short phrase between Color.BLACK and your favorite color.  Make sure this color is still visible in the UI (i.e. the color should be dark enough to be seen).   Must include one of the following shapes:  Circle, Rectangle, Polygon, Ellipse, or Arc. The shape can be a color of your choosing, but make sure this color is still visible in the UI (i.e. the color should be dark enough to be seen). Must include a select one-of-many button group to control the alignment of the shape displayed. There should be 3 alignment options for Left, Center, and Right.  Hint: StackPane has a setAlignment method. You may place this group beside or below the shape.  In order to actually see the alignment change you will need to ensure that your window/stage is large enough. So, you need to set the size of your stage to be large enough to see the change proportional to the the size of your shape. A good ratio is to make the window 3 times the width and height of the Shape. To do this you can use the following methods: stage.setMinWidth(X); and stage.setMinHeight(Y);   Must use a Spinner UI control that will control the scale of the shape.  The Spinner should have a minimum value of 0.1, maximum value of 2.0, initial value of 1.0, and a step amount (i.e. amount to step by) of 0.1 Hint: Make sure to set the scale of both the X and Y dimensions using setScaleX and setScaleY Another Hint: Look closely at Spinner's constructors to find one that allows for configuration of the min/max/init/step values on creation of the Spinner to make your life easier. Yet Another Hint: There are several ways to implement the event handling, we recommend using the setOnMouseClick method that is available to any Node   You must use at least one of the following children of Pane to control the layout of the Nodes: BorderPane, GridPane, HBox, or VBox. You must implement your event handling at least two of the three ways we taught: named inner class, anonymous inner class, and lambda expression.  For example, at least one handler as an anonymous inner class and at least one handler as a lambda expression. Failure to implement handlers in two different ways will result in the loss of points.   Points may be deducted if your layout deviates greatly from the one shown below. However, you do not need to have a border around the pane containing your shape nor around the shape itself. You may place the one-of-many button group below or beside the Shape.  YOUR SHOULD ONLY SUBMIT A SINGLE JAVA FILE. ENSURE THAT ANY OTHER CLASSES YOU INCLUDE EXIST WITHIN THE SAME FILE. IF YOUR SUBMITTED CODE DOES NOT COMPILE, YOU WILL RECEIVE A ZERO. SAVE, BACKUP, AND TEST OFTEN! The following is an example layout for your UI, but as long as you meet the requirements stated above the layout is flexible:
Frank, Jim, Martha and Louise occupy the same apartment, sharing routine chores such as cooking, cleaning and laundry. Each contributes a share of their earnings to pay utilities and food costs. Sociologists would describe this group as a ________.
In what unique way did Lorenzo Ghiberti give himself credit for the design of the Gates of Paradise?
The process of an animal changing its response, or in other words its behavior, to a stimulus after having experienced it more than once is considered ______.
Which of the following is NOT one of the lobes of the human brain?
A patient with a cervical spinal cord injury becomes hypotensive and bradycardic. The nurse will notify the physician and prepare to immediately administer which of the following?
Why is the city of Chernobyl well-known?
The text divides the  judicial process into _____ stages.
A friend is asking you for advice on how they should manage their household waste. They live in a house that generates 20 tons per year and it is made of 50% mixed recyclables and 50% mixed MSW. If they were to combust the 10 tons per year instead of landfill it, what is their net MTCO2E savings per year (if any)? Use WARM table.  Note there is a similar problem on different scenario but with same assumptions.   A net savings should be entered as a negative number.  A net production should be entered as a positive number.
DIRECTIONS: Read the article and select the best answer to each question. EARTH UNIVERSITY [A] For many universities around the world, the college experience has become more environmentally friendly, from recycling to renewable energy use, to biking to class. But at EARTH University in eastern Costa Rica, it's the main focus of study.[B] "We're forming leaders to go out and influence their communities and their countries to take greater care of the Earth and change the world," said Jose Zaglul, the university's president. That may seem like a lofty mission for a small college of 417 students in a remote area. But the university is well-known for its excellent teaching methods and facilities.[C] The university has its own rain forest area and organic farm, so students can learn how their planet works while on campus. "It's as if on the first day of medical school, you go [and work in] the emergency room," university president Zaglul said. "You may not know the science yet, but [as a student] you're exposed to the environment from day one. Once you go back to the classroom, things make more sense."[D] The school's organic farm produces vegetables for the school cafeteria and local communities. It also produces food for pigs, cows, and chickens, and it raises a local fish called guapote. Panfilo Tabora, an EARTH University professor who heads the farm, says it was one of the first "teaching" organic farms. "All students have to come here and put in their shift, to question and compare things, innovate, and then implement what they have learned," Tabora said.Which of the following is NOT true about EARTH University?
Which nursing intervention reduces the risk of clot formation in the legs? (Select all that apply).
Addition of a few drops of 5% KCl to an excised turtle heart will initially cause the heart to beat at a faster rate.  This increase in heart rate can be attributed to:
In the picture below, what will happen?
In the early stages of the Solar System's development, it may have consisted of an irregularly shaped cloud of interstellar material with some slight movement. The reason it developed into a system with a prevailing counter-clockwise rotation is believed to be due to
Urine formation involves
Crowding out occurs when the government uses expansionary fiscal policy, but an unintended byproduct is that Consumption and Investment spending falls.
