A characteristic, usually a numerical value, that describes a sample is called a ____.
Instructions: The paragraphs of the following essay have been scrambled so that they are out of order. Read them and then answer the questions that follow. Evaluating a Web Site               (1) Next, find out more about the person or people who created the web site. (2) Scroll down to the bottom of the page to look for the author's name, or click on links such as "About Us," "Biography," or "Who Am I?" (3) These links will usually lead to more information about the individual or organization responsible. (4) Look for details about the author's credentials. (5) Is he or she an expert, with education, training, or experience in the subject matter? (6) If no information about the site's creator is provided or if that person offers no proof of authority, the information may not be reliable. (7) Remember that anyone can create an Internet web site; therefore, researchers should verify that the person who posted the information knows what he or she is talking about.               (8) First, begin by examining the URL, or Internet address, of the web site. (9) In particular, examine the last three letters of the address, which reveal the domain of a site as an educational institution, government agency, nonprofit organization, or commercial company. (10) Usually, the first three types of domains, which end in .edu, .gov, .mil, .us, and .org, tend to be reliable sources of information. (11) The primary purpose of sites that end in .com, on the other hand, may be to persuade viewers to buy something rather than provide them with accurate, unbiased information. (12) A .com web site could also be someone's personal web site, which may or may not offer reliable information.               (13) Using this procedure helps researchers get their facts straight. (14) Mining the Internet for information will almost always produce gold, but finding that gold often requires sifting through and discarding worthless rocks.               (15) Finally, in addition to finding out more about the site's creator, look for a few other indicators of quality information. (16) The date the page was last updated, for example, should be fairly recent. (17) In addition, note whether the author mentions the sources of his or her information. (18) Sources that are documented with footnotes or links, especially if they refer to scholarly or academic journals and books, are usually more reputable. (19) Also, don't forget to notice the overall look of the site. (20) Is the page crowded with advertisements? (21) If so, its main purpose may be selling rather than informing. (22) Is the text filled with grammatical or spelling errors? (23) These kinds of mistakes may indicate untrustworthy information.               (24) The Internet offers millions of web sites; however, they're not all created equal.  (25) Some of them contain accurate information, and some contain only opinions, inaccurate information, or information that's been manipulated in some way. (26) Therefore, people who use a search engine to look for web sites about a particular topic need to know how to distinguish a credible web site from a dud. (27) To evaluate the trustworthiness of a web site, online researchers can use a three-step procedure.  Select the number of the sentence that is the thesis statement of this  Sentence 27 Sentence 24 Sentence 8
What is a major difference between meiosis II and mitosis in a human?
A person develops anti-A antibodies only after he is exposed to antigen A, and anti-B antibodies only after he is exposed to antigen B.
An example of a physical science is
The reaction, X(aq)
Energy is defined asA. the ability to do work. B. anything that can harness sunlight.C. the use of high-energy phosphates.D. the formation of ATP.
All of the following factors are thought to contribute to colony collapse disorder EXCEPT ________.
5.1 El lunes, la informatica es antes del espanol.  (1)
Ecchymosis of one or both orbits caused by fracture of the base of the sphenoid is called:
The philanthropic community is credited with:
A client with a Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) score of 8 is exhibiting decorticate posturing to painful stimuli. Which assessment data obtained 3 hours later indicates an improving condition?
A communicable disease refers to a disease that is:
Describe exactly (show all calculations) how to prepare a solution of 0.006 M Fe3+ from a stock solution that has been prepared by the TA using 80.78 g of Fe(NO3)3*9H2O (403.9 g/mol) in a final volume of 500 mL of nitric acid.
Which type of tissue stores fat in the body?
Identify the part of the microscope marked with an arrow.
How much energy (heat) is required to convert 25.5 g of H2O(l) at 35.0degC to H2O(g) at 115.0degC?   specific heat of ice:  2.09 J/g*degC     DHfus = 6.02 kJ/mol    specific heat of water:  4.18 J/g*degC     DHvap = 40.7 kJ/mol    specific heat of steam:  1.84 J/g*degC
public class Game {    public Game() {  System.out.println("GAME");  }}public class BoardGame extends Game {   public BoardGame () {  System.out.println("BOARDGAME");  }}public class Chess extends BoardGame {   public Chess () {  super();  System.out.println("CHESS");  }} Given the class definitions above, what is printed to the console when the following lines of code are executed? Assume the code compiles and runs (i.e. ignore typos). BoardGame p = new BoardGame();Chess c = new Chess();
8. The nurse assesses several clients. Which one is most likely to have secondary open-angle glaucoma?
A strategic plan may use PEST for a foundational method. In this use, PEST stands for:
