DIRECTIONS: Read the article and select the best answer to each question. EARTH UNIVERSITY [A] For many universities around the world, the college experience has become more environmentally friendly, from recycling to renewable energy use, to biking to class. But at EARTH University in eastern Costa Rica, it's the main focus of study.[B] "We're forming leaders to go out and influence their communities and their countries to take greater care of the Earth and change the world," said Jose Zaglul, the university's president. That may seem like a lofty mission for a small college of 417 students in a remote area. But the university is well-known for its excellent teaching methods and facilities.[C] The university has its own rain forest area and organic farm, so students can learn how their planet works while on campus. "It's as if on the first day of medical school, you go [and work in] the emergency room," university president Zaglul said. "You may not know the science yet, but [as a student] you're exposed to the environment from day one. Once you go back to the classroom, things make more sense."[D] The school's organic farm produces vegetables for the school cafeteria and local communities. It also produces food for pigs, cows, and chickens, and it raises a local fish called guapote. Panfilo Tabora, an EARTH University professor who heads the farm, says it was one of the first "teaching" organic farms. "All students have to come here and put in their shift, to question and compare things, innovate, and then implement what they have learned," Tabora said.Which of the following is NOT true about EARTH University?
Which of the following accounts could not be classified as a current liability?
Clear, watery fluid that fills the anterior and posterior chambers in the front of the eye is called ________.
1.1.1   One of the following is not a requirement of a potential profitable business opportunity.    (1)
The sequence of a strand of DNA is:  5' - C G A G C C T T A T G - 3' 1. Write down the complementary DNA strand. 2. Also, transcribe the DNA into the mRNA and write down the sequence of the mRNA. Don't forget to include the numbers in the correct position (3' and 5')
A new enzyme is discovered in the human body.  Although very little is known about this new molecule, you predict that the optimal temperature of this enzyme is likely to be near -
Which of the following aspects of culture is consistent with the individualistic nature of U.S. society?
The registered nurse taking shift report learns that an assigned client is blind. How should the nurse best communicate with this client?
In class, the case study of Mark was given, a 35-yr old accountant who is fearful, and is having family and spiritual difficulties. What part(s) of Mark will you work on changing?
What concept is used to describe a sample?
What is the third leading cause of death among 10- to 19-year-olds in the United States?
Muscle contraction and breathing provide the propulsion of lymph fluid through lymph vessels.
The Education for all Handicapped Education Act replaced the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.
Todays, schools in the United States are:
What was the main fear the Articles of Confederation addressed?
Rank the following in order from the lowest to the highest blood pressure. 1) Vena Cava                      2) Aorta                         3) Post-capillary venule                              4) Terminal Arteriole
Sound effects are NOT used
When observing tension within an object, you are NOT looking for the surface tension resulting from internal or structural activity. An example would NOT be the human body and the connection of how the skin lays across the muscle and skeletal structures.
By 1860, Philadelphia had been overtaken as the nation's largest city and port by
Here are four ways of describing a distribution. Pick the best match for each.
