1.)  When do you define a variable inside a method vs at a class level or the scene level? 2.)   When would you define method at the object / class level  vs the scene level? 3.)  Why would you ever use an array ?
Stress can effect your performance on exam; it is called test anxiety. The cortisol levels in your blood go up when you stressed, sending you into a fight or flight response. This diverts oxygen from your brain (where you need it to think) to your limbs (where you need it to run or fight).  To decrease your stress levels so you can think more clearly for this exam...all you have to do is take five deep breaths. Inhale for a count of two, exhale for a count of five. Do this:  Inhale (counting to two). Exhale (counting to five). Inhale (counting to two). Exhale (counting to five). Inhale (counting to two). Exhale (counting to five). Inhale (counting to two). Exhale (counting to five). Inhale (counting to two). Exhale (counting to five).  Now you are calm and your mind is more ready for this exam. You can DO it! I am rooting for you! The answer to this question is true.
Shown below is the "Modified Resource Triangle". Match the reservoir type with its position shown on the Modified Resource Triangle. Also identify the correct entity for item #10.
The Factory Act was a law passed in England that helped to address which of the following problems of the Industrial Revolution?
23) Which of the following is NOT a physiological response to high blood Na+ and high blood pressure? A. Increased stretch of aria of heart B. Decrease in angiotensin II C. Increase in aldosterone release D. Increase in Atrial Natriuretic Peptide
In the context of employment discrimination, which of the following is true of retaliation claims?
Which of the following contains overlapping thick and thin filaments?
The spouse of a client, who has been on hemodialysis for the past 5 years, calls a clinic because the client has stopped eating, is taking long naps, and refuses to talk with the spouse.  A nurse interprets that the client is most likely experiencing:
27.       Which of these is wrongly matched?
What was Pascal's Memorial?
Your right visual field first goes to the left hemisphere of your brain, and your left visual field goes first to the right hemisphere. Split brain patients have had surgery to cut their corpus callosum, which connects the right and left hemispheres of the brain. Because of this surgery, information that starts in one hemisphere cannot be sent to the other hemisphere. Which of the following is/are true of split brain patients?
One mechanism for increasing heat loss:
E-wallets and smart cards increase the risks of exposing consumers' information on the Web.
Which of the following components of Fiits' Law represents faster movements for low accuracy conditions?
The law that removed the pejorative "mental retardation" from federal health, education and labor policy and replaces them with "people first language" stated as "individual with an intellectual disability" is which law:
White colored muscle indicates which muscle fiber type?
A hospitalized client has been receiving Intravenous (IV) antibiotics for the treatment of pneumonia over 3 days. The nurse observes the client having several foul smelling, loose stools during the day and suspects the client may have developed Clostridium Difficile. What is the priority action by the nurse?
The number of medals won by Russia in the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics was about the same as the won in the 2014 Sochi Winther Olympics.
The mucopolysaccharidoses are characterized by accumulations of unmetabolized __________ within lysosomes.
When converting the following MR to a DI what technical attibute must be consider? MR: The pacemaker must deliver its functionality without intervention for at least 5 years DI : The attribute to consider is
