Daddy BY SYLVIA PLATH You do not do, you do not do    Any more, black shoe In which I have lived like a foot    For thirty years, poor and white,    Barely daring to breathe or Achoo.   Daddy, I have had to kill you.    You died before I had time---- Marble-heavy, a bag full of God,    Ghastly statue with one gray toe    Big as a Frisco seal   And a head in the freakish Atlantic    Where it pours bean green over blue    In the waters off beautiful Nauset.    I used to pray to recover you. Ach, du.   In the German tongue, in the Polish town    Scraped flat by the roller Of wars, wars, wars. But the name of the town is common.    My Polack friend   Says there are a dozen or two.    So I never could tell where you    Put your foot, your root, I never could talk to you. The tongue stuck in my jaw.   It stuck in a barb wire snare.    Ich, ich, ich, ich, I could hardly speak. I thought every German was you.    And the language obscene   An engine, an engine Chuffing me off like a Jew. A Jew to Dachau, Auschwitz, Belsen.    I began to talk like a Jew. I think I may well be a Jew.   The snows of the Tyrol, the clear beer of Vienna    Are not very pure or true. With my gipsy ancestress and my weird luck    And my Taroc pack and my Taroc pack I may be a bit of a Jew.   I have always been scared of you, With your Luftwaffe, your gobbledygoo.    And your neat mustache And your Aryan eye, bright blue. Panzer-man, panzer-man, O You----   Not God but a swastika So black no sky could squeak through.    Every woman adores a Fascist,    The boot in the face, the brute    Brute heart of a brute like you.   You stand at the blackboard, daddy,    In the picture I have of you, A cleft in your chin instead of your foot    But no less a devil for that, no not    Any less the black man who   Bit my pretty red heart in two. I was ten when they buried you.    At twenty I tried to die And get back, back, back to you. I thought even the bones would do.   But they pulled me out of the sack,    And they stuck me together with glue.    And then I knew what to do. I made a model of you, A man in black with a Meinkampf look   And a love of the rack and the screw.    And I said I do, I do. So daddy, I'm finally through. The black telephone's off at the root,    The voices just can't worm through.   If I've killed one man, I've killed two---- The vampire who said he was you    And drank my blood for a year, Seven years, if you want to know. Daddy, you can lie back now.   There's a stake in your fat black heart    And the villagers never liked you. They are dancing and stamping on you.    They always knew it was you. Daddy, daddy, you bastard, I'm through. 18. What theme is implied in "Daddy"?
A _____ server control provides a drop-down list that lets the user choose one item.
Intercostal nerves are continuations of the ventral rami of thoracic level spinal nerves.
Multiply radical expressions. Show work in detail!
The yucca moth lays its eggs in the flowers of the Yucca plant. It then pollinates the flower so that the plant produces seeds, some of which the moth larvae eat.  Above you can see the relationship between how many eggs the moth lays, and how many flowers the Yucca plant keeps alive. If a moth lays 11 eggs per flower, the plant ______the number of flowers by _________.
Read the following selection from "College Has Its Own Language and Customs." Then, based on your reading of the selection, choose the most appropriate answer to the question that follows the selection. You may be asked additional questions about the same passage. College Has Its Own Language and Customs Going to college--even if you are not far from home--is a cultural experience. It comes with its own language and customs, some of which can be confusing or confounding at first. Just like traveling to a foreign country, it is best if you prepare by learning what words mean and what you are expected to say and do in certain situations. Let's first start with the language you may encounter. In most cases, there will be words that you have heard before, but they may have different meanings in a college setting. Take, for instance, "office hours." If you are not in college, you would think that it means the hours of a day that an office is open. If it is your dentist's office, it may mean Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. In college, "office hours" can refer to the specific hours a professor is in her office to meet with students, and those hours may be only a few each day: for example, Mondays and Wednesdays from 1 p.m. until 3 p.m. "Syllabus" is another word that you may not have encountered, but it is one you will soon know very well. A syllabus is often called the "contract of the course" because it contains information about what to expect--from the professor and the student. It is meant to be a roadmap for succeeding in the class. Understanding that office hours are for you to ask your professor questions and the syllabus is the guide for what you will be doing in the class can make a big difference in your transition to college. The table on Common College Terms, has a brief list of other words that you will want to know when you hear them on campus. Common College Terms, What They Mean, and Why You Need to Know     Term   What It Means   Why You Need to Know       Attendance policy   A policy that describes the attendance and absence expectations for a class   Professors will have different attendance expectations. Read your syllabus to determine which ones penalize you if you miss too many classes.     Final exam   A comprehensive assessment that is given at the end of a term   If your class has a final exam, you will want to prepare for it well in advance by reading assigned material, taking good notes, reviewing previous tests and assignments, and studying.     Learning   The process of acquiring knowledge   In college, most learning happens outside the classroom. Your professor will only cover the main ideas or the most challenging material in class. The rest of the learning will happen on your own.     Office hours   Specific hours professor is in the office to meet with students   Visiting your professor during office hours is a good way to get questions answered and to build rapport.     Plagiarism   Using someone's words, images, or ideas as your own, without proper attribution   Plagiarism carries much more serious consequences in college, so it is best to speak to your professor about how to avoid it and review your student handbook's policy.     Study   The process of using learning strategies to understand and recall information   Studying in college may look different than studying in high school in that it may take more effort and more time to learn more complex material.     Syllabus   The contract of a course that provides information about course expectations and policies   The syllabus will provide valuable information that your professor will assume you have read and understood. Refer to it first when you have a question about the course.       Attribution:Access for free at https://openstax.org/books/college-success/pages/1-introduction Taken from Baldwin, Amy. "1.3 College Culture and Expectations." College Success, OpenStax, 2020. https://openstax.org/books/college-success/pages/1-3-college-culture-and-expectations.   QUESTION:  What is the comprehensive assessment that is given to students at the end of a college term?
According to Max Weber, the Protestant attributes of hard work, wealth creation, and ________ fostered the emergence of modern capitalism.
A 300-ug dose of Rh immune globulin contains sufficient anti-D to protect against how much whole blood?
ID the specific green tube at end of pointer.
ERISA binds an employer to _____.
94.  What kind of shock arises from a microbial infection?
The physician's order indicates the medication is to be administered prn. What does this mean?
Human and other animal waste can result in water and air pollution(a) Eutrophication of waterways is a potential environmental problem that can result from concentrated animal feeding operations.s       i. Describe how eutrophication negatively affects waterways.       ii. Propose a realistic solution to prevent eutrophication of waterways near       iii. Justify the solution you described in (a)(ii) with an additional environmental benefit. (b) Organic materials (such as food scraps and yard waste) in landfills can decompose and produce landfill gas (LFG) over time. About 50% of LFG is methane, a greenhouse gas with a global warming potential 25 times higher than that of carbon dioxide over a-100 year period. LFG can be collected and burned to produce electricity.      i. Explain a process during which LFG is burned to produce electricity.      ii. The Puente Hills Landfill in California contains about 123 million tons of landfill waste and burns LFG to produce electricity. In a typical landfill, one million tons of landfill waste emits approximately 432,000 cubic feet of LFG per day.          Calculate how much LFG is emitted at the Puente Hills Landfill per year.      iii. Burning LFG for electricity produces the additional benefit of preventing methane from entering the atmosphere. Calculate how much methane is prevented from entering the atmosphere by burning LFG to produce electricity at the Puente Hills Landfill over a 10-year period.
What is an imaging technique that uses high-frequency sound waves to produce an image of the liver, gallbladder, or pancreas?
What type of advertising persuasion is the basis for the advertising message theme: "Have you got this problem? I have the solution."?
A 56-year-old male is found semiconscious by his wife. Your assessment reveals that his respirations are rapid and shallow, his pulse is rapid and irregular, and his blood pressure is low. The patient's wife states that he complained of left arm pain and nausea the day before, but would not allow her to call 9-1-1. The MOST likely cause of this patient's present condition is:
Which of the following are important for maintaining the polarity of epithelial cells? (in this question, the word polarity refers to one part of the cell being different from the other)
Amoebic dysentery, contracted by travelers to foreign countries, is due to the consumption of protective structures called:
In one study, mothers were instructed to interact with their infants by copying their babies' facial expressions, and then, on cue, to show no emotional reaction at all. This procedure is called the "_____ technique."
What are the implications of Articles 24 and 27 of the UDHR to leisure service delivery?
