55.  The nurse is reviewing the MAR of a client with a history of a stroke and has recently had an appendectomy two days ago. The nurse notices that the client has been prescribed 81 mg aspirin PO daily. The client's vitals are: T = 98.8, P = 76, R = 18, BP = 148/76. The client is reporting pain at a level of 2/10 and some occasional gastric reflux. What is the correct indication for the aspirin 81mg PO daily?
A provider orders 15 mEq of Potassium Chloride on a child. How many mLs will the nurse give the child?
In step three of developing a macro plan, one should identify and recruit partners to accomplish task
All of the following organs (structures) aid in chemical digestion of protein EXCEPT:
What dose is the client receiving of lidocaine hydrochloride if it is infusing at 20 ml/hr and the dilution is 1000 mg/250 ml.? The dose is  _____ mg/min  Round to the nearest tenth.
In "Inequalities" Jackson (2007) argues that inequality is only experienced at one moment in time. On a day-to-day basis all of our interactions, relationships, and every aspect of social life does not involve, or respond to, some type of inequality.
What structure is required for an eukaryotic organism to be classified as an autotroph?
A pregnant woman informs the nurse that her last normal menstrual period was on January 6, 2021. Using Naegele's rule, what would the nurse determine to be the patient's estimated date of delivery or confinement? ( EED or EDC)?
What is the value of the first tuple returned by the following SQL query? select cname from customer order by cname asc; (Enter only the value, you do not need to include the column name.)
The nurse is performing perineal care for the uncircumcised patient. Which action does the nurse take?
A client with end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) who receives hemodialysis three (3) days per week starts complaining of severe itching. What type of medication would the nurse anticipate the provider will order for this client?
Which of the following scripts depicts the proper use of the "Looking Forward" technique?
A new nurse likes to check the policy and procedure book to solve problems that come up during patient care. What type of problem-solving is this nurse using?
facio, facere, feci, factum
Which of the following matches the structure with the correct function?
According to SWGMAT guidelines, which of the following techniques can be used to gain information related to the color of a fiber?
Which of the following cultures would be considered high-context cultures?  Select all that apply.
Instrument used to record the electrical activity of the brain
A cream-type enzyme applied to the face and rolled off the skin is a _____.
A firm that successfully balances exploitation of current opportunities and exploration of future possibilities is considered ambidextrous.
