Carefully read the following excerpt from "Professions for Women," a speech delivered by Virginia Woolf to a branch of the National Society for Women's Service on January 21, 1931, then respond to the question that follows.   "But to tell you my story--it is a simple one. You have only got to figure to yourselves a girl in a bedroom with a pen in her hand. She had only to move that pen from left to right--from ten o'clock to one. Then it occurred to her to do what is simple and cheap enough after all--to slip a few of those pages into an envelope, fix a penny stamp in the corner, and drop the envelope into the red box at the corner. It was thus that I became  a journalist; and  my effort was rewarded on the first day of the following month--a very glorious day it was for me--by a letter from an editor containing a cheque for one pound ten shillings and sixpence. But to show you how little I deserve to be called a professional woman, how little I know of the struggles and difficulties  of such lives, I have to admit that instead of spending that sum upon bread and butter, rent, shoes and stockings, or butcher's bills, I went out and bought a cat-- a beautiful cat, a Persian cat, which very soon involved me in bitter disputes with my neighbours. What could be easier than to write articles and to buy Persian cats with the profits? But wait a moment. Articles have to be about something. Mine, I seem to remember, was about a novel by a famous man. And while I was writing this review, I discovered that if I were going to review books I should need to do battle with a certain phantom. And the phantom was a woman, and when I came to know her better I called her after a heroine of a famous poem The Angel in the House. It was she who used to come between me and my paper when I was writing reviews. It was she who bothered me and wasted my time and so tormented me that at last I killed her. You who come of a younger and happier generation may not have heard of her--you may not know what I mean by the Angel in the House. I will describe her as shortly as I can. She was intensely sympathetic. She was immensely charming. She was utterly unselfish. She excelled in the difficult arts of family life. She sacrificed herself daily. It there was chicken, she took the leg; if there was a draught she sat in it--in short she was so constituted that she never had a mind or a wish of her own, but preferred to sympathize always with the minds and wishes of others. Woolf claims that she has no right to be considered a "professional" writer when she specifies that she spent her earnings on a whim instead of something necessary. She was able to purchase a cat instead of food and other necessities for a family? In your own words, explain the point the author is making in this statement. Based on that statement, what action is necessary to render a person "professional" writer?
Our wealth affects our health and how long we will live.
Which of the body's senses is the least developed at birth?
Which of the following predictors most strongly relates to job performance?
In the 16th century, opera developed in what country
The impetus to end the institutionalization of several mentally ill individuals included the tendency of hospitalized residents to demonstrate passive, dependent behaviors and become ambivalent and resistant to discharge.
A very fast heart beat is called
The following ovarian image was taken on a 15 year old patient.  Laboratory values show increased AFP.  What is the most likely diagnosis ?
Which is the most appropriate outcome for the postoperative patient with the nursing diagnosis ineffective breathing pattern related to side effects of pain medication?
Which of the following is useful in predicting an impending volcanic eruption? Choose all that apply.
What is the major cause of death for children in the United States?
Moving the extremity laterally and away from the midline of the body is:
The nurse is caring for a patient who will have surgery that morning. The patient usually takes an antihypertensive medication every morning. The patient has been nothing per os (NPO) since midnight. What action will the nurse perform?
Gupta Industries received a $300,000 prepayment from Packard Associates for the sale of new equipment. Gupta will bill Packard an additional $100,000 upon delivery of the equipment. Upon receipt of the $300,000 prepayment, how much should Gupta recognize for a contract asset, a contract liability, and accounts receivable?
What Indian culture did Ruth Benedict mainly focus her research on?
When a constant force acts upon an object, the acceleration of the object varies inversely with its mass.  When a certain constant force acts upon an object with a mass of 6 kg, the acceleration of the object is 11 m/s2.   If the same force acts upon another object whose mass is 33 kg, what is this object's acceleration?
Which statement regarding controlled substances is FALSE?
While ______________ disabilities have standard procedures for diagnosing, _____________ illnesses in children can often be difficult to diagnose.
Perform the matrix row operation (or operations) and write the new matrix. -5R1 + R2
The process of prospecting usually begins with locating a _____.
