Daddy BY SYLVIA PLATH You do not do, you do not do    Any more, black shoe In which I have lived like a foot    For thirty years, poor and white,    Barely daring to breathe or Achoo.   Daddy, I have had to kill you.    You died before I had time---- Marble-heavy, a bag full of God,    Ghastly statue with one gray toe    Big as a Frisco seal   And a head in the freakish Atlantic    Where it pours bean green over blue    In the waters off beautiful Nauset.    I used to pray to recover you. Ach, du.   In the German tongue, in the Polish town    Scraped flat by the roller Of wars, wars, wars. But the name of the town is common.    My Polack friend   Says there are a dozen or two.    So I never could tell where you    Put your foot, your root, I never could talk to you. The tongue stuck in my jaw.   It stuck in a barb wire snare.    Ich, ich, ich, ich, I could hardly speak. I thought every German was you.    And the language obscene   An engine, an engine Chuffing me off like a Jew. A Jew to Dachau, Auschwitz, Belsen.    I began to talk like a Jew. I think I may well be a Jew.   The snows of the Tyrol, the clear beer of Vienna    Are not very pure or true. With my gipsy ancestress and my weird luck    And my Taroc pack and my Taroc pack I may be a bit of a Jew.   I have always been scared of you, With your Luftwaffe, your gobbledygoo.    And your neat mustache And your Aryan eye, bright blue. Panzer-man, panzer-man, O You----   Not God but a swastika So black no sky could squeak through.    Every woman adores a Fascist,    The boot in the face, the brute    Brute heart of a brute like you.   You stand at the blackboard, daddy,    In the picture I have of you, A cleft in your chin instead of your foot    But no less a devil for that, no not    Any less the black man who   Bit my pretty red heart in two. I was ten when they buried you.    At twenty I tried to die And get back, back, back to you. I thought even the bones would do.   But they pulled me out of the sack,    And they stuck me together with glue.    And then I knew what to do. I made a model of you, A man in black with a Meinkampf look   And a love of the rack and the screw.    And I said I do, I do. So daddy, I'm finally through. The black telephone's off at the root,    The voices just can't worm through.   If I've killed one man, I've killed two---- The vampire who said he was you    And drank my blood for a year, Seven years, if you want to know. Daddy, you can lie back now.   There's a stake in your fat black heart    And the villagers never liked you. They are dancing and stamping on you.    They always knew it was you. Daddy, daddy, you bastard, I'm through. 17. Why does the speaker refer to her father as a God in "Daddy"?
Translate: We prefer these t-shirts.
Given the following class hierarchy, identify whether the method help is overloaded, overridden, or neither by the subclass:  public class Doctor {    public void help(String name) { /* implemented */ } } public class Neurologist extends Doctor {    public void help(String name, int number) { /* implemented */ } }
Which of the following is NOT a key component of economic neoliberalism?
Physical rehabilitation and diagnostic audiology section treatments can include all of the following, EXCEPT:
The link between parental conflict and delinquency was established more than 50 years ago; that is, the child's perception of the parent's marital happiness was a significant predictor of delinquency.
Peaches, cherries, and olives are: a. capsules       b. berries        c. pomes              d. drupes         e. legume
Match the Power Tactics
The nurse is assessing their patient. Which action best describes an ongoing, focused assessment?
THEORETICAL What is the "Homogeneous Unit Principle," and how may it be applied properly to planting and growing churches?
Which of the following is part of the humeral positioners muscle group of the shoulder?
A nurse is discussing good food choices with a client who is recovering from an exacerbation of inflammatory bowel disease and is to start a low-lactose diet. Which of the following foods is the best choice for the client?
Given the following pandas dataframe df2, write a line of code to return the average rating of the sports teams from the "Rating" column.     "Sport" "Wins" "Rating"   "Braves" "Baseball" 15 4.8   "Falcons" "Football" 17 4.5
As shown in this figure, the top triglyceride (a) has ________, whereas the bottom triglyceride (b) has ________.
Convert percent to a fraction and reduce to lowest terms: 75% _______
A client is undergoing testing for suspected adrenocortical insufficiency. The care team should screen the client for what common cause of this health problem?
Which type of ossification is responsible for forming the frontal, parietal, occipital, temporal, and clavicle bones?
4.3   Identify the cam which allows for a very sudden change in motion   [1]
If an individual receives 70 mR while standing 5 feet away from a source of radiation for 5 minutes, which of the options listed below will most effectively reduce his/her radiation exposure from the source?
The nurse is planning care for a client with major depression.  Which is an appropriate expected outcome?  The client will:
