Inactivation of the tumor suppressor gene PTEN is common in prostate cancer.  The study of its role in cancer progression, however, has been hindered by the fact that a PTEN knockout is embryonic lethal.  Researchers have now developed a  Cre-Lox targeting vector to create a conditional KO mouse.  The diagram below shows the normal (wild type) PTEN locus, the targeting vector, and what the allele would look like if homologous recombination took place.      Explain the basic procedure by which the Cre-Lox targeting vector would help to overcome the embryonic lethality of inactivation of PTEN. (2) Explain one method by which you could determine if a mouse has the targeted allele as part of its genome.  Be sure to briefly describe how the method works AND be sure to explain the differences in results that would allow the researcher to distinguish between the wild type and the targeted alleles. (3)
An unmanned airplane runs out of fuel and begins to plummet toward the ground.  Which of the following is true about the buoyant force on the plane?
If the real exchange rate is high, foreign goods
NPA means "no party announcement"
Which heart valve is found between the right ventricle and the pulmonary trunk?
Which of the following is NOT a symptom of nicotine withdrawal?
What can shorten the conduction time of action potential through the atrioventricular (AV) node?
On a Waters view of the Nasal Bones, it is a good idea to include the Maxillary sinuses within your light field in order to demonstrate potential blood or fluid accumulation post trauma.
What is the name of the vessel labeled at item "A"
Analyze the following ABG result. pH                   7.33 PaO2               52 mmHg PaCO2             51 mmHg HCO3-             24 mEq/L SaO2               81% on room air Base Excess     +1
You recognize that Sara may be at risk for Wernicke-Korsakoff's syndrome due to a thiamine deficiency. Which of the following explains a potential reason for this deficiency?
A 57-year-old client with a history of asthma is prescribed propranolol (Inderal) to control hypertension. Before administered propranolol, which of the following actions should the nurse take first?
Discuss the importance of the Homestead Act and Morrill Act.  Provide the year attached to these events.
When an infant visually tracks an object, what happens when the object moves out of view?
The bacteria on this plate came from a throat swab of a patient, the doctor asks you as the lab tech to tell him which antibiotic would be best to treat his patient's infection. Which would you recommend?
In general, how would you make a cogent argument for the apostle John as the author of the Fourth Gospel using internal evidence?
Girl before a Mirror was painted by artist _____________.
If A{"version":"1.1","math":"A"} is a 3 x 2 matrix and B {"version":"1.1","math":"B "}is a 3 x 3 matrix, then the multiplication A*B{"version":"1.1","math":"A*B"} makes sense.
In general, the first step in refractometry is:
This is the most numerous category, many of which are enteric (digestive tract) organisms.
