Methyl bromide (CH3Br) will react with potassium hydroxide to give the corresponding alcohol methanol (CH3OH) and potassium bromide salt.  The kinetics for the reaction are known to be first order with respect to CH3Br.  Data for an initial rates kinetic experiment are below.  The density of the 18% by wt. solution of KOH (MW 56.1g/mol) is 1.15 g/mL.   What is the initial concentration (mol/L) of KOH in Trial A?     CH3Br + KOH --> CH3OH + KBr     Trial   Vol 18% KOH (mL)   Vol final (mL)   initial [CH3Br] (M)   Initial Rate      A   0.5   10   0.0045   -2.64x10-3     B   1.0   10   0.0045   -1.06x10-2
Parents bring a toddler who is 2 1/2 years old to the hospital because of observed difficulty in breathing. In addition, they share at bedtime the toddler has a barky cough. The toddler is diagnosed with laryngotracheobronchitis, commonly referred to as croup. Which assessment does the nurse expect to find with this diagnosis?
The proper ionic conditions for the resting membrane potential are maintained by
The patient was admitted to the hospital for other medical conditions. The patient was seen in consultation by a dermatologic surgeon at the request of his primary care physician. The 53-year-old male had two lesions on his scalp. One lesion was 1.2cm x 1.3 cm x 1.0cm on the posterior scalp and was slightly raised and slightly erythematous. After injection of local anesthesia in the center of the lesion, a 3-mm punch biopsy was performed. The biopsied tissue was then removed and sent for frozen section to pathology. The frozen section was positive for basal cell carcinoma. A 5-0 Prolene stitch was used to close the defect. The patient had a second lesion about 2 cm away from the first lesion and measuring 0.5 cm x 0.2 cm. The lesion was excised by using a sharpened scalpel to penetrate the skin and dermis on both sides. This lesion was then removed and sent to pathology. The second lesion was reported to be an actinic keratosis and excised in its entirety. It was closed witb a 5-0 Prolene stitch times two. Steri-strip were applied. We informed the patient that we will refer him to a plastic surgeon for removal of the basal cell carcinoma, as this may require significant undermining and wound closure may be problematic because of the size of the le ion. There is quite a bit of tension on the patient' scalp and the excision of the basal cell carcinoma will require the skill of a plastic surgeon. The patient will be seen for follow-up in this surgeon's office in seven days and was given the name and phone number of the plastic surgeon to call for an appointment within the next two weeks.  Code the diagnosis and procedure performed as a result of the consultation. Principal diagnosis: [dx1]Secondary diagnoses: [dx2]Principal procedure: [proc1]Secondary procedure(s): [proc2]Assign MS-DRG: [msdrg1]
The nurse is watching a new graduate nurse perform auscultation of a patient's abdomen. Which statement by the new graduate nurse shows a correct understanding of the reason why auscultation precedes percussion and palpation of the abdomen?
How did Stephen F. Austin respond to the Edwards brothers' request for help following their revolt against the Mexican government?
Name 4 of the 7 glands discussed in the ATI endocrine module that make up the Endocrine System? (4 points)
Kai looks forward to warm summer days. He rides the subway at rush hour every day in order to rub up against the bare arms and legs of women he does not know. Kai's sexual behavior is representative of:
The Abbasids moved the center of power to
Which of the following categories of Soil Taxonomy provides the greatest specificity of soil properties?
(Alejandro Banda) Considering the pathogenesis of African horse sickness, the gross lesions observed in affected animals are due to:
The first antibiotic agent developed for use in treating infection was:
Which of the following is NOT true of the HIV/AIDS crisis?
For ACT test scores the composite score is based on an average of the English, math, reading, and science section tests.   For the 2015-2016 school year the average (mean) ACT score is 21, with a standard deviation of 5.4. Calculate the z-score for an ACT score of [x].   Round to 1 decimal places.
Given the following predicates with the domain citizens of Madison,  F(x): x goes ice-fishing each winter. G(x): x is a Green Bay Packers fan. which of the following is a valid negation of the statement "Every citizen of Madison is a Green Bay Packers fan and goes ice-fishing each winter"?
If A={10, 30, 40, 60, 80, 90} and B={10, 20, 30, 40, 50}, what is (A [?] B) [?] (A U B)?
What is the PO2 measurement of?
The graph of a function   is given below.   Define the sequence  , that is,  ,  ,  , ... Assume f(x) satisfies all requirements of the Integral Test, and we know that
The density of a substance is 3.5 g/cm3. What is the volume of the substance if it has a mass of 0.25 g?
Bacteria help us by
