Dispatch: You are called to University Center Club for a patient who is 7.5 months pregnant and thinks she is experiencing contractions.   Background Information: Upon arrival, you ensured the scene was safe and donned the appropriate PPE. You introduced yourself to the female who is laying down on a couch in the lounge area and shares that she thinks she started experiencing contractions during dinner 30 minutes ago. So far, you have gathered the following information about your patient - she is alert, she is breathing at a slightly rapid rate, breaths are of adequate depth and appear to be unlabored, and her pulse is present in her radial artery. You don't observe any apparent trauma to the patient. You complete your primary assessment and determine that patient is a low priority based on your assessment that there are currently no existing or potential threats to her ABC's. You determine she is a stable medical patient at this time. Your initial questioning to get more information about the chief complaint reveals that the soon-to-be mom thinks she's had maybe 5-6 contractions in the last 30 min or so, with each contraction lasting anywhere from maybe 30 seconds to a minute. She doesn't think her water has broken, but it's her first pregnancy so she's not sure what to expect really. Your SAMPLE assessment is as follows: S- (summary of the info. above) A- no allergies to medication M- Zofran and an anti-depressant P- depression L- finished her dinner right before the contractions started E- was just eating dinner and as surprised when she started feeling them Additional information: Your secondary assessment reveals that this is the female's first pregnancy ever, her water has not broken, she has not experienced any complications that she knows of, and she regularly sees her OBGYN. The female tells you she thinks she's about to have another contraction.   Q1: Describe how you would assess her contractions and how you would determine whether or not they indicate that birth is potentially imminent. Q2: (General Knowledge) List and describe two of the complications described in the text where your assessment reveals birth is imminent for the pregnant female, but the recommended EMR response is to encourage the female to NOT push or try to have the baby. Please be sure to address generally in 1-2 sentences what the proper EMR care is for each situation.
Regulatory oversight agencies hold schools accountable for:
A patient is admitted to post anesthesia recovery (PACU) following administration of epidural narcotic. The patient has a respiratory rate of 8 per minute. If the condition of this patient remains uncorrected, the nurse would expect the ABG's to reveal?
SAS was used to compare push-up abilities as a measure of overall fitness between 2015 and 2018. The box plots generated for the average number of push-ups completed in one minute are shown below.                   YEAR                         2015               2018   Compare the center of the distributions and the variation of the distributions for the two years. The average number of push-ups in 2015 was [answer1] and the variability was [answer2].
Client experiences shortness of breath with progressive resistance exercises. Which of the following is the best option for rewriting this using abbreviations?
To what does the TCR of a helper T cell bind?
2.1   Explain the following terms:         2.1.1   Net income  (1)
The patient who recently had a complete hip replacement is participating in daily physical therapy. The patient is participating in which level of prevention?
35.   Identify the muscle  Brachialis    Brachioradialis      Pronator      Supinator       Teres
Which hormone is secreted in response to increased fat storage?
Name the part of the stomach labelled # 19.
Global aquaculture production has [answer1] and global seafood consumption from aquacultured products has [answer2] over time.
Alejandro is the class bully who always looks at others and interprets their facial expressions as threatening, even when they are neutral. Alejandro:
1.   Scan and upload your test as a pdf document.     2.   Please name your document: NAMESURNAME_IGCSE_TERMTEST
As its proximal end, the round head of the humerus articulates with the           __.
Which of the following statements regarding Puritans is correct?
The wall of the eye has 3 layers. The outermost fibrous layer is made up of the opaque sclera and the transparent _________.
The nurse is caring for a client with cor pulmonale. The nurse should monitor the client for which expected finding?
This course has two required texts: The Everyday Writer and The Norton Introduction to Literature, 13th shorter edition.
The medial malleolus is represented by which location in Figure 2?
