Section A: Short Questions         QUESTION 1         1.1    The number of neutrons in a Bromine atom.      (2)
MILB Baseball Towns - What town correlates this team name?  Pizza Rats
A nurse is assessing a client who is receiving IV vancomycin. The nurse notes a flushing of the neck and tachycardia. Which of the following actions should the nurse take?
Which of the following viruses causes chickenpox
What liver neoplasm is often caused by trauma and will decrease hematocrit in patients?
Neisser and Narch's 1992 study found that when students wrote down their memories about the Challenger explosion the day after the event, and then were tested about it again 3 years later . . .
2.1.2    As die eikeboom 150 000 kJ energie lewer, hoeveel energie:             A. kry die Ruspe?    (2)         B.  kry die Mossie?     (2)
Cataloguers (3) - in the chart below, write the names of cataloguers for at least 3 of the following composers' works.  In order to receive full credit, you must not have any incorrect answers (and extra correct answers = extra credit): (note: this question will have to be hand graded)     COMPOSER   CATALOGUER     Scarlatti   [1]     Haydn   [2]     Schubert   [3]     Chopin   [4]     Mozart   [5]
Show your calculations to receive full credit.  Please label each section of your answer (a, b, c, etc.)  An answer without work shown will receive only 1 point if it is correct. Estimate the proportion of college grads among registered voters in California who oppose drilling for oil and natural gas off the Coast of California by answering these questions:a.  What is the point estimate for the population parameter that is being estimated?b.  What conditions need to be met to do this estimate? Show how the data does or does not meet those conditions? c.  Construct a 95% confidence interval for the populationparameter.d.  Correctly interpret your confidence interval in words using complete sentences. e.  What significance level would be needed in a hypothesis test to corroborate your results?
In chapter 5  of the Nobody book "Caged", Hill writes that the 1994 Crime Bill called for more juveniles to be tried as adults, the building of more prisons, an end to the Pell Grants that had allowed inmates to earn college  degrees while in prison, a "three strikes" provision mandating a life sentence upon conviction for a third federal crime, and a provision making gang membership a crime in and of itself.  Which of the following individuals is credited with sponsoring this Bill?
An industry dominated by one firm is:
Difficulty in breathing may reflect damage to respiratory centers located in the cerebellum.
These cellular structures consist of flattened sacs and are where mature proteins are modified.  Vesicles from this structure are transported to other organelles or outside the cell.
CASE 4:  A 26-year old female arrives at the clinic complaining of genital itching. The patient history reveals that she is unmarried and moderately sexually active. A vaginal swab examined under the microscope reveals numerous budding cells lacking flagella.  Fungal growth in the vagina is usually inhibited by the presence of normal flora, specifically _____.
A 65-year-old female is referred to physical therapy two weeks after surgical repair of the rotator cuff. Which of the following exercises would not be appropriate for the patient?
Decide whether the following statement is true or false AND provide a justification for your decision: Based on the characteristics of this flower, it is reasonable to conclude that it was cut from a plant that exhibits secondary growth.
Which of the following taxa are NOT segmented (pick two)?
The 2's complement of 1510 using 8 bits is:
The following four forces act on a 4 kg object: F1 = 300 N east F2 = 700 N north F3 = 500 N west F4 = 600 N south What is the acceleration of the object?
This German commander suffered a breakdown during the opening campaign of 1914, allegedly told the Kaiser "Your majesty, we have lost the war," and was replaced
