An Ohio company, American Plywood Box Co., LLC, that does business in Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana wants to hire a new sales professional. But they want to protect their customer base if the sales professional's employment is terminated. They have heard about non-compete agreements, but want to know how courts evaluate them because they have also heard that they are agreements in restraint of trade. What steps can the company take to ensure that an Ohio court would find their noncompete enforceable? Are there any other agreements the company should consider in addition to non-competes that would help them protect their customer base if the new sales professional quits or is terminated?
QUESTION: Using the resources shown in the provided images, write the code that should appear inside btnShow's Click event. (Do not write the procedure heading template - only the code that belongs inside.) Validate that data is loaded, and validate that a statistics choice was made.     Overall Requirements: (each of these will be addressed in a separate question)  Declare and create an array of RadioButton objects. Load the RadioButtons on the form into the array in the form Load event. Code the Load Data button to load the contents of the ClientCharges.txt file (found in the bindebug folder) into the ListBox. While loading, count the number of clients and keep a running total of the charges.  Do not read through the ListBox - do this while loading from the file.   Capture the selection made for a radio button in the RadioButtons' CheckedChanged event and store it in a variable for use in the btnShow code. Code the btnClear Click event to clear the ListBox and to clear the selections made for the RadioButtons. Clear any calculated statistical values. Use the array of RadioButton objects to clear the selection. Code the btnShow Click event to show the desired statistical value based on the captured selection made for the radio buttons. Display the statistic information in a MessageBox.  Validate that data has been loaded into the ListBox before attempting to show an analysis choice. Validate that a selection was made for the RadioButtons (use the captured value - do not recheck all radio buttons). Use a Select Case structure to set the statistics message to be displayed.   Code the btnExit click event to end the program  CODE TEMPLATE   QUESTION: Using the resources shown in the provided images, write the code that should appear inside btnShow's Click event. (Do not write the procedure heading template - only the code that belongs inside.) Validate that data is loaded, and validate that a statistics choice was made.
Which of the following is this set of factors that directly influences a firm and its competitive actions and responses; the threat of new entrants, the power of suppliers, the power of buyers, the threat of product substitutes, and the intensity of rivalry among competing firms?
For the following equation determine the oxidation number for each atom in the equation and identify whether the reaction is a redox reaction or not. If the reaction is redox, identify what is oxidized, what is reduced, the oxidizing agent, and the reducing agent. If it is not a redox reaction put NA in the remaining answers.     HCl + NH3 --> NH4Cl   Reactants Oxidation Numbers:   N         [bird1]   H         [bird2]   Cl       [bird3]   Product Oxidation Numbers   N         [bird4]   H        [bird5]   Cl       [bird6]   Is this a redox reaction?          [bird7]   If it is, what is element is oxidized?  [bird8]   What element is reduced?      [bird9]   What element is the oxidizing agent?          [bird10]   What is the reducing agent?               [bird11]
Pick the correct answer: 1. In order to say more than we use:
Even though a car is not considered to be alive, which of the following life-like characteristic does it share with living organisms?
Studies of father-infant interaction suggest that
C and D are independent events. P(C|D) = [a]. Find P(C).
The nurse is admitting a patient scheduled for surgery due to a large abdominal mass. Which nursing intervention (s) should be included in the preoperative plan of care? (Select all that apply)
CASE STUDY: The nurse is caring for a client with peptic ulcer disease (PUD) who presented to the emergency department.  **The client's situation has been resolved and the client is ready to be discharged from the hospital. Which expected outcome should the nurse focus on when teaching this client about Peptic ulcer disease (PUD)?
Publication of The Liberator, Kansas-Nebraska Act, and the Dred Scott decision all contributed to the
Coastal region deserts are most likely near ocean currents that flow ____________.
Writing an article which accuses someone of being a cheat or a thief could bring charges of:
In the process of unifying Germany, Prussia went to war with all of the following nations except
Do the vectors
Balance the following chemical equation by selecting the correct coefficients from the drop-down menus:   [a] Fe2O3    +     [b] H2
What arrangement does Hamlet make with the First Player?
___ statements, shifts in verb tense, can also indicate flashbacks
1.2   .................................... is considered the 6th element of Porter.   (2)
True or false: Using a self-esteem appeal in a persuasive document might include this strategy: "Praise actions from the past."
