1. Identify the genus of the organism below: [genus] 2. What process is illustrated in this slide? [process]
Solve the following problem on paper and scan and upload your solution as a pdf. Solutions must be clearly readable for full credit. Show your work. Show units in your answers. Show any formulas used. Report final answers with accuracy of two decimal places, unless answer is an exact whole number. Round up or down as appropriate for whole machines or workers. Question 2. (5 pt).  A manual assembly line has 7 work elements that must be accomplished to complete the assembly, and the element times and precedence requirements are listed in the table below. The ideal cycle time is 0.8 min per assembly. Assume repositioning time is 0. (a) (1 pt.) Construct the precedence diagram. (b) (1pt.) State the service time Ts against which the line will be balanced. (c) (3 pt.) Determine an efficient line balancing solution using the Kilbridge and Wester method, applying the largest candidate rule within each column. Show the table with work elements listed according to columns, and the table with work elements assigned to stations (both table headings are shown below).          Element   Te (min)   Preceded by:         1   0.2 min   -         2   0.2 min   1         3   0.6 min   1         4   0.2 min   2,3         5   0.3 min   3         6   0.3 min   4, 5         7   0.2 min   6             Work elements listed according to columns     Element   Column   Tek (min)             Work elements assigned to stations     Station   Element   Tek (min)    Station Time  (min)
All of the following are monosaccharides except:
According to the philosophy of pragmatism, ideals or realities are the basis of truth.
Supply-side economics tends to focus on ________.
Members of Kingdom Archaea can be either eukaryotic or prokaryotic.
The nurse can prevent medication errors by following which principles? (Select all that apply.)
Gutta Percha
A preoperative nurse is caring for a client who is having a colon resection.  Which of the following actions should the nurse take?
An entity type can have more than one key
Where do the ureters lie in relation to the peritoneum?
All of the following conditions should be met EXCEPT during a lipophilic brain scan injection.
The dielectric is the insulating material that separates the plates of a capacitor.
Name the instruments in a string quartet.
Station #1  a) From the Molecular Transport lab, what is the term that best describes the movement of the red particles you observed under the microscope?b) Explain why there is movement of the particles. c) Is a cellular expenditure of energy required for the movement?
Proteins biggest function is to serve as the structure component of cells- skin, bones, and muscles.
Use the following code for questions 23 - 28.    What belongs in blank __b2__ below?
What does the central dogma state?
Match the disease with its description.
The desire to obscure tonality reaches the extreme.
