Name the three greenhouse gases that are currently most problematic concerning global warming. (You can spell them out; molecular formulas are hard to enter.)
According to class discussions and Davis in her chapter on The Prosecution of Black Men, more diversity among prosecutors will automatically result in fairer treatment of black men in the criminal justice system.
PARTE I 30 minutos - 5 organizacion, 20 composicion, 5 redaccion Escoja UNA de las opciones para escribir su ensayo. Procure elaborar una tesis fuerte, organizar las ideas en forma de ensayo, y aclarar sus puntos con ejemplos especificos de la obra de 4-6 poetas de su lista.   OPCION A El titan de las letras cubanas, Jose Lezama Lima, inicia su majestuosa meditacion, La expresion americana (1957), con la siguiente observacion: "Solo lo dificil es estimulante; solo la resistencia es capaz de enarcar, suscitar y mantener nuestra potencia de conocimiento (49).  Presentando evidencia de su propio canon, examine la actitud lezamiana --una que privilegia la complejidad estetica en curiosa combinacion con un espiritu rebelde-- hacia la produccion poetica hispanoamericana.   OPCION B Stephen Tapscott, catedratico del Massachusetts Institute of Technology, se identifica como poeta, critico, y traductor. Su antologia, 20th Century Latin American Poetry: A Bilingual Anthology, fue publicada por la Universidad de Texas en 1996 y ahora esta en su quinta version de 2003. Esta antologia incluye la obra de 58 poetas, cuya poesia original se escribio o en castellano o portugues pero que tambien ha sido traducida al ingles y con frecuencia por conocidos poetas o criticos. En el prefacio, Tapscott defiende el criterio de seleccion (una lista representativa de los movimientos mas prominentes del continente en el s. XX en vez de una lista de grandes exitos o "Greatest Hits" de ciertos escritores). Tapscott menciona la traduccion sin explicar por que opto por una version bilingue ni entrar en las consecuencias tanto positivas como negativas de dicha decision. Presentando evidencia de su propio canon, examine las desventajas y ventajas de una antologia bilingue como la de Tapscott para comprender la evolucion de la poesia hispanoamericana.   OPCION C La Madre de las Americas, Gabriela Mistral (Premio Nobel de Literatura, 1945), aclara los firmes principios guiando su escritura en el "Decalogo del Artista" (1922), un texto que funciona como su arte poetica. El antepenultimo mandamiento refleja una actitud materna hacia el verso: "Daras tu obra como se da un hijo: restando sangre de tu corazon." Presentando evidencia de su propio canon, examine la tension entre dulzura y dolor en la poesia hispanoamericana.
Jamal is leaning back with open arms as he talks to the other members of his study group. He is most likely feeling ___________ his peers.
Which of the following statements about fungi is FALSE?
Which of the following R data objects is the best way to store data that is structured in "rows and columns" or "cases and variables"?
A rigid motion formed by performing a translation followed by a reflection is called a(n) ___________ reflection.
Which of the following drugs is appropriate in Heart Failure patients with a history of an MI due to its ability to decrease cardiac workload and slow the progression of HF? Correct Answer: bisoprolol
The Immigration Quota Act restricted the immigration of populations who were a minority in the 1890 Census.
EXTRA CREDIT (2 POINTS) After performing your Gram stain, you realize that you mistakenly forgot to add Gram's Iodine to your Gram stain.  What would happen if the cells were suppose to be Gram (+)? If they were suppose to be Gram (-)? Make sure to explain your rationale.
A SLIT LAMP ILLUMINATION WHICH GIVES AN ENHANCED VIEW OF THE SURFACE TEXTURE OF  THE IRIS.
Why do fungi have a heterokaryotic stage when they normally reproduce asexually?
Translate this statement into Spanish.  Do you know my daughters?  (Informal you)
This is Problem 7. Use the scrap paper to show your work. Points will be deducted if no work is shown, even if the final number is correct. Enter the final number for this question online before you move to the next question (enter the number in decimal form 0.25 not in fraction form 1/4). You will upload all your papers at the end of the exam. Assume the average weaning weight for a set of beef calves is 500 lb and the phenotypic variance is 2,500 lb2. What percent of calves are expected to weight 450 lb or more?
Scatter photons are produced when
An important measure of retailing "health," reported quarterly by publicly traded retailers is:
Resize a picture proportionally by dragging a top sizing handle.
Mikayla met Ben for the first time this past weekend. She could not help but notice how attractive he was. Because of that, she assumed that Ben was also exciting, sociable, and interesting. What has Mikayla just demonstrated?
In the context of key economic considerations when entering a foreign market, the communication infrastructure in a country most likely includes _____.
The Resource, Conservation, and Recovery Act only applies to abandoned, inactive hazardous waste sites.
