Answer the following:  Consider the set a=set([1,2,3,4]).   What will happen if I try to add 2 to the set? What will happen if I try to add 10 to the set?  Write a short program that takes in two lists. The first list is a roster of a sports team. The second list is the current list of undergraduate students. We want to make sure that our sports students are also current undergraduate students. The program should check this and return True is a student if every student on the sports list is also on the undergraduate list. It should return False if there is a student on the sports list not on the undergraduate list. Use sets to accomplish this.
Which of the following is TRUE regarding human chromosomes?
In the context of emotional intelligence quotient (EQ) and intelligence quotient (IQ), psychologist Daniel Goleman argues that:
Medical services from walk-in clinics are not covered by an insurance.
The following is a list of possible steps in B cell activation: i. activation ii. antigen presentation iii. produce memory cells, plasma cells and antibodies iv. sensitization v. costimulation The correct sequence of these steps is
In what general direction is the tectonic plate moving in the diagram below?
Match the following organelles with the correct definition/description:
Given that the polynomial function has the given zero, use synthetic division and the quadratic formula to find the other zeros. Write your answer in simplest form. Use a comma to separate answers as needed.f(x) = x3
A female work supervisor threatening to fire a male employee unless he has sex with her is an example of _______________.
Producer "A" is out of storage space wants to move its inventory out of its warehouse to its wholesalers immediately. Which of the following would be MOST likely to encourage its wholesalers to take over immediate responsibility for the storage function?
When you center and dot each lens in the lensometer, this measurement should represent
The nurse is caring for a patient with end-stage chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The patient's pulse oximetry reading is 90% on room air. What is the priority action of the nurse?
Question 7
Local potentials are  ____________, whereas action potentials are                __
Name bone 2
Use the following information to answer the question below. Screen Shot 2020-10-12 at 3.03.05 PM.pngThe figure illustrates the energy states associated with the reaction A + B - C + D. Which of the lower-case letters represents the activation energy required for the non-enzyme-catalyzed reaction in the figure?
Re: Zaire is conducting a program evaluation of a multi-site prison diversion program for parolees that is focused on employment training. Which of the following would be LEAST helpful for minimizing systematic measurement error in their research?  ------------------------------------------------------------- Zaire's study will follow program participants over two years and will track all outcomes using criminal justice and other administrative records. The program's outcome measures and attributes include: (A) Fulfillment of probationary requirements: minimal fulfillment, partial fulfilment, complete fulfillment (B) Number of probation violations (C) Number of days employed in the follow-up period (D) Type of work sector employed in : Services, Manufacturing, Construction, Transportation, Other   In the space below, please note for each outcome variable (a--> d) its level of measurement.
What are the implications of the Alu element?
In which type of play are children engaged in similar or identical activity, without organization, division of labor, or mutual goal?
Which of the following best describes an ethical issue regarding an attorney's treatment of a client's legal fees?
