On February 3, Smart Company sold merchandise in the amount of $5,800 to Truman Company, with credit terms of 2/10, n/30. The cost of the items sold is $4,000. Smart uses the perpetual inventory system and the gross method. Truman pays the invoice on February 8, and takes the appropriate discount. The journal entry that Smart makes on February 8 is:
Which of the following dietary fats is considered to be the most healthy?
QUESTION 4 - 10 Points This question is based on the same facts as Question 3.  As part of the sale of her accounting practice, Francis met with her broker to put together a "deal book" that would be presented to potential buyers to show the value of Francis's accounting practice.  Francis presented this deal book to Ed as part of the negotiations over the sale of the business to Ed.  The deal book included 2020 year-end financial reports for Francis's accounting practice.  Ed was very impressed with the company's cash flow. Based on his review of the deal book and after completing additional extensive due diligence, Ed offered to buy Francis's accounting practice for $1.5 million dollars. Ed based his offer price, in large part, on the cash flow generated by the business. Francis agreed to proceed with the sale to Ed subject to execution of a final purchase agreement (the contract that is entered into between a buyer and seller of a business).  While Francis' attorneys were drafting a purchase agreement, Francis' broker presented her with revised 2020 year-end financial reports. The revised financial reports included a revised income statement that identified a significant adjustment to the company's expenses which had a substantial downward adjustment to the company's cash flow. Immediately, upon receipt Francis reviewed these revised financial reports and she observed the adjustment to cash flow. Francis did not share the revised financials with anyone. Following receipt of the revised year-end financial reports from her broker, Francis proceeded to close on the sale transaction with Ed. Ed did, in fact, pay $1.5 million for Francis' accounting practice.  After completing his purchase of the company, Ed contacted the broker Francis had used to prepare the deal book to obtain additional financial information, and at that time was provided with the revised 2020 year-end financial reports. Ed was surprised to learn of the significant adjustments to cash flow identified in those financials. Based on the information in the revised year-end financial reports Ed has determined that he should have paid no more than $1 million for the company, and has demanded that Francis agree to rescind the transaction. Francis has refused and Ed has sued Francis for fraud based on the fact that cash flow was overstated in the deal book. REQUIRED (10 Points): Will Ed prevail? In separately lettered or numbered paragraphs, discuss each of the elements of Ed's misrepresentation lawsuit. FOR PURPOSES OF THIS QUESTION, IGNORE THE POSSIBLE APPLICATION OF THE ECONOMIC LOSS DOCTRINE AND IGNORE ANY CLAIM FOR NONFRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.
The nurse determines the teaching about a guaiac test of stool is understood when the patient states, "This test can detect the presence of:
Which objective lens gives you the smallest field of view?
The star Sirius (a Canis Majoris) is measured by Alex the Astronaut to have a parallax angle of 0.38 arc-seconds.  Use the below equation to determine the distance, in light-years, to Sirius. Keep 3 significant figures.
What is the best definition of an API in data integration and interoperability?
What represents key dates when a certain group of activities must be performed?
A substance that has an increase concentration of Hydrogen ions
Most of Shakespeare's plays are written in blank verse, which consists of unrhymed lines of iambic pentameter.
Find the measure of the indicated angle.Find the measure of angle 5 in the figure shown.
What are the products of Krebs cycle?
Omnaris [ciclesonide], Beconase AQ [beclomethasone] and Nasarel [flunisolide] are glucocorticoids advertised on TV and in magazines for the treatment of:
Find the mean,
Determine the acid dissociation constant for a 0.010 M nitrous acid solution that has a pH of 2.70. Nitrous acid is a weak monoprotic acid and the equilibrium equation of interest is HNO2(aq) + H2O(l) = H3O+(aq) + NO2-(aq).
At a constant rate of blood flow, which of the following vessels would offer the least resistance to blood flow ?
Which of the following is not a germ layer?
What is the net ionic equation if barium nitrate is mixed with potassium hydroxide?
To be successful, two-earner marriages will require social policy support and ______.
Correctly conjugate the verb in parenthesis in the preterit . Copy and paste any of these you may need: a e i o u n Anoche, yo ________ (hablar) con mi esposa.
