Evaluate using long division and choose the quotient and the remainder (2x3-6x2+ 1)/ (x+4)
AFDELING B Vrae 16 - 21 is op die onderstaande tabel gebaseer. Jy kan op die knoppie regs klik om die tabel in 'n aparte oortjie oop te maak as jy wil.                        Proj_num   Proj_name   emp_num   emp_name   job_class   Chg_hour   hours     15   Evergreen   103   June E Arbough   Elec. Engineer   84,5   23,8     15   Evergreen   101   John News   Database engineer   105   19,4     15   Evergreen   105   Alice Johnson   Database Designer   105   35,7     15   Evergreen   106   William Smithfield   Programmer   35,75   12,6     18   Amber Wave   114   Annelise Jones   Applications Designer   48,1   24,5     18   Amber Wave   118   James Frommer   General Support   18,36   45,3     18   Amber Wave   104   Anne Ramoras   System Analyst   96,75   32,4     22   Rolling Tide   105   Alice Johnson   Database Designer   105   64,7     22   Rolling Tide   104   Anne Ramoras   System Analyst   96,75   48,4     'n Boumaatskappy wat verskeie bouprojekte bestuur. Elke projek het sy eie projeknommer, en lys die werknemers wat daaraan toegeken is. Elke werknemer het 'n personeelnommer, posklassifikasie en die tyd wat hulle aan die projek bestee het. Die tarief per uur hang van die posklassifikasie af en 'n werknemer kan aan meer as een projek tegelyk werk.
The first day of class the professor collects information on each student to make a data set that will be analyzed throughout the semester. The information asked includes hometown, GPA, number of classes, number of siblings, and favorite subject. How many variables are in this data set?
The new ad campaign for Tesla automobiles are designed to communicate that the Tesla brand is competent and sophisticated. This branding strategy focuses on building the ______________.
What is Brownian movement?
8. A client with impetigo receives a prescription for azithromycin (Zithromax) 500 mg PO on day 1, then 250 mg/day on days 2 through 5 for a total administration of 1.5 gram. The pharmacy has 500mg scored tablets available.   How many tablets total should the nurse give to the client for the duration of treatment? Enter the numeric value only.
Prostaglandin E1 is a naturally occurring molecule which is used as a medication to help babies born with congenital heart defects. Which are the correct stereochemical assignments of Prostaglandin E1?
Which of the following is an example of energy transformation?
When an asset is purchased (or disposed of) at a time other than the beginning or the end of an accounting period, depreciation is recorded for part of a year so that the year of purchase or the year of disposal is charged with its share of the asset's depreciation.
Solve the problem.Mrs. Bollo's second grade class of thirty students conducted a pet ownership survey. Results of the survey indicate that 8 students own a cat, 15 students own a dog, and 5 students own both a cat and a dog. How many of the students surveyed own only a cat?
A patient with advanced liver disease has marked ascites and is recovering from an episode of hepatic encephalopathy. Following instruction about his diet, the nurse determines that teaching has been effective when the patient's choice of foods from the daily menu includes which items?    Breakfast Lunch Dinner   A. cheese omelet,mushrooms and milk B. baked beans with ham, cornbread and mashed potatoes C. Pasta, and 2 rolls with a sweet potato topped with cinnamon sugar.   D. cheese danish with sausages, bacon and Orange juice E. Grilled cheese sandwich with canned tomato soup F. Steak and tomato/cucumber salad
Antibiotics that are bacteriostatic:
Assume that you are assigned to run a breeding program and you have a cultivar susceptible to a fungal disease like leaf rust. You have identified a germplasm resistance to that disease. For this question you can use back cross breeding method to introgress disease resistant gene to elite cultivar. Explain the pros and cons of using backcross breeding method?
Refer to the graph above. Suppose that this economy is in macroeconomic equilibrium. The value of autonomous spending is ____, and the value of induced spending is ____.
For the following term pairs, please write a sentence comparing the two terms starting with the word "Both."  Then, write a sentence contrasting the two terms (The first term is _______ "whereas" the second term is _______.)  The third sentence can be either a 'both' or a 'whereas' statement.  Please make sure that your sentences show a level of knowledge appropriate of a 2nd year college student and not just basic common knowledge of the terms. For example: California vs. New York Both California and New York are heavily populated states in the USA. Whereas California is on the west coast, New York is on the east coast. Both California and New York have a high cost of living compared to the rest of the nation
(6 points). Describe two types of thermoregulation mechanisms (behavioral, physiological, cellular, etc.) used by fishes.
Because their assumptive world is already formulated, adults are more likely than children to be more objectively traumatized by a criminal event than children.
On January 1, 2018, Normal Plastics bought 15% of Model, Inc.'s outstanding bonds for $900,000. On October 1, 2019, the bonds were valued at $1,026,000 and Normal sold half of the amount it purchased. On December 31, 2019, the remaining bonds were valued at $580,000. How much should Normal show on its 2019 income statement from this investment, assuming that it accounts for it as an available-for-sale investment?
Which of the following describes the light reflecting characteristics of a mineral?
Read the passage Who Needs Sleep, and then answer the following question(s).Suppose you were planning a class presentation on sleep. Which of these tips would not be good advice to give your classmates on how to get more sleep?
