Please attach a scanned pdf copy of your work for Checkpoint 2 here. Once submitted, follow the directions for Self Graded Checkpoint 2 and Checkpoint  Reflections assignment. NOTE:  The Self Graded Checkpoint 2 and Checkpoint  Reflections assignment is where you will receive the point for the actual Checkpoint 2.
The respiratory defense system is important because it
Ventilator settings have been optimized and a patient is still unable to adapt to ventilatory support. Your assessment reveals the following:  BP 133/95 HR 121 CVP 5 PAP 20/7 SvO2 60  What should you suggest?
The common law established the lowest age of criminal responsibility at age
1-H =
Which of the following describes a pattern of hypomobility that indicates a capsular pattern?
Assume the following information:         Volume       Total Cost       100 units   $1,300     90 units   $1,500     106 units   $1,750       What is the variable cost per unit? (Round your answer to three decimal places.)
Which of these groups of organisms are amniotes?
What was important about Houston's actions with the Consultation in the fall of 1835?
Name for a smaller muscle that helps start a movement and assists the larger muscles involved in that movement?
The UCC requires that all contracts must always be in writing, especially important service contracts.
Hydrolytic digestive enzymes must be kept separate and packaged in membrane to prevent general destruction of cellular components. Which of the following cell structures contains these hydrolytic enzymes in animal cells?
Jamison is to receive Ampicillin 275 mg every 4 hours. He weighs 15 kg. The maximum safe dose for this drug is 125mg/kg/day. If the medication is dispensed in a preparation of 125mg/5ml, what volume would the  nurse administer to Jamison for a single dose?
Danger signs to be reported immediately include all of the following except:
How do cells use the ATP cycle shown in the figure?
The auditory tubes from the middle ear open into the
A six year old child with diarrhea needs to drink at least _____ 10-12 oz. glass/es of liquid (ORS) each time he has a watery stool.
The heel bone is called the ________.
On my honor, I promise that I will not use any outside resources on this test. I affirm that I will not use my phone, textbook, internet, other people, or other sources for answers other than my brain.  Please write your first and last name below.
Although U.S. middle school students may lag behind their Japanese counterparts in international algebra tests, the differences disappear on later tests due to the:
