Given the class definition below, code a toString() method. public class Gift {     private String description?     private double price?     private String occasion?     public Gift(){         description = ""?         price = 0.0?         occasion = ""?     }     public Gift(String d, double p, String o){        description = d?        price = p?        occasion = o?     }     public String getOccasion(){         return occasion;   }     public String getDescription(){         return description;   }     public double getPrice(){         return price;   }}//end class
Which of these contain ONLY retail investment products?
Which of the following are advantages to the sow and piglet in the farrowing crate:
Which of the following is a false statement concerning neurons?
These fungal vegetative forms have round cells and reproduce by budding.
What are two differences between typical and atypical pneumonia?
What does it mean for two codons to be synonymous?
In addition to dealing with rancor over rotation in office, the Jackson administration became embroiled in a personal scandal known as the Petticoat affair. This incident exacerbated the division between the president's team and the insider class in the nation's capital, who found the new arrivals from Tennessee lacking in decorum and propriety. At the center of the storm was Margaret ("Peggy") O'Neal, a well- known socialite in Washington, DC.. O'Neal cut a striking figure and had connections to the republic's most powerful men. She married John Timberlake, a naval officer, and they had three children. Rumors abounded, however, about her involvement with John Eaton, a U.S. senator from Tennessee who had come to Washington in 1818.    Timberlake committed suicide in 1828, setting off a flurry of rumors that he had been distraught over his wife's reputed infidelities. Eaton and Mrs. Timberlake married soon after, with the full approval of President Jackson. The incident divided Washington society. What was the incident called?
Which of the following insoluble fibers forms a mesh network and the basis for the formation of a clot during coagulation?
5. A nutrient is:
Which of the following cannot be measured directly ?
En deux ou trois phrases, expliques VOS reactions a la lettre du pere. Qu'en pensez-vous (de son ton, de l'effet sur Moise, de ce qu'elle revele sur le pere et sa relation avec son fils) ? Ecrivez deux ou trois phrases qui repondent a la question.
______ is a leadership perspective that attempts to identify what good leaders do--that is, what behaviors they exhibit.
In xv6, Trapframe is used to save the process's kernel machine state while performing context switch.
What percentage of patients with DVT will develop venous insufficiency in 5-10 years?
What voltage ripple % would be associated with the 3 phase 12 pulse generator wave form below?
When planning an information system, a company must consider how a new system will interface with older systems, which are called _____.
Describe the process below using all terms that could potentially apply.
In humans, the presence or absence of dimples is a trait controlled by a single gene. What is the genotype of an individual who is heterozygous for dimples?
What is the reliability if the true score variance is 80 and the test score variance is 100?
