_____ is a way to combine simple objects into more complicated ones
Instructions: For your Spring PY3 OSCE you will be interviewing a simulated standardized patient through EHR Go. You will be granted access to the patient chart at the beginning of your OSCE. As part of this case, you are able to ask your patient questions that have been pre-populated. You will need to decide which questions are most important to ask your patient as you will likely not have time to ask them every question in the question bank in addition to reviewing the patient chart. Based on information you collect from the patient and their chart, you will be tasked with coming up with a prioritized problem list. For the top 4 problems you identify on the problem list, create a plan complete with monitoring and follow up. As you are in a collaborative practice agreement with the physician, you can alter any drug therapy for chronic conditions as needed. Essentially, you are creating the assessment and plan portion of the SOAP note since the subjective and objective portion of the note are already documented in EHR Go. Additionally, you will be asked to identify the top 3 questions you would have liked to have asked the patient during your session. Provide your rationale for why you would like to ask each of the questions. When creating your assessment and plan, make sure you only use information from the patient chart/interview questions (do not synthesize information if it is not available). You will have a total of 1 hour and 30 minutes to review the patient chart, ask the patient questions from the question bank, and document your findings (problem list, plan for top 4 problems, top 3 questions you would have liked to have been able to ask). The time break down is as follows:  15 minutes pre-encounter, 15 minutes patient interview, 60 minutes assessment/plan/documentation. You are allowed to have the patient chart open the entire time; the time break down is to help you keep on track so you don't spend too long in the chart and not have time to create your plan and document. You will be provided a template to fill out and submit in Canvas by the end of the OSCE. Honorlock will be used for proctoring. Please cite your references. This is an individual assignment. You may not collaborate with anyone during this OSCE. However, this is an otherwise open resource OSCE. You may use textbooks, Lexi-Comp, PubMed, or any other appropriate resource that you would use during APPE rotations (no Wikipedia, don't cite class notes). Please do not use your phones or any devices other than your computer since this is a proctored activity. I realize the Lexi-Comp app may be easier to navigate than the computer version, however this could introduce concern for communication and academic dishonesty, so please no phones or extra tablets/monitors.   Patient Case: https://web21.ehrgo.com/rd/?courseActivityId=59650    Please use the following template for your documentation:  OSCE Template 040121.docx
The public health nurse is teaching a community  about risk factors associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Which of the following public health initiatives best addresses the most significant risk factor for COPD?
List two types of functional groups that are typically reacted with epoxides to make polymers via step polymerization.
Why is it so important that all of the chromosomes align on the metaphase plate during metaphase?
Who is known as one of the greatest authors, inventors, and painters to come out of the Italian renaissance?
Which drug selectively inhibits intestinal absorption of cholesterol and related phytosterols and has been shown to reduce total cholesterol, LDL, TG and increase HDL?
A cell has an increased need for a molecule that is already higher concentration inside the cell than in the extracellular fluid.  Active transport would move the molecules _______.
Let P be the tangent plane to the ellipsoid  at the point (-1,-1,1).  Which of the following points is on the tangent plane P?
Image #1: AP Axial Fuji S-Value: 320 Range: 100-400 (no adjustment needed) Under 100 Over-exposed (- Technique)  Over 400 Under-exposed (+ Technique)  To make image optimal I will:  Increase technique Open collimation to include anatomy of interest Direct the CR to the proper point Increase angle of CR
The lowest temperature possible in nature is
Find the area of the surface generated by revolving the curve about the x-axis..
Which of these questions would be most important for a nurse to ask the parent of an 8-month-old who presents with low-grade fever,  sneezing, and a whooping cough?
26.  Tooth cuts used to prepare the size, shape and placement of a restoration are which form of cavity preparation?
All of the following water soluble vitamins have a tolerable upper intake level except:
What is the level of significance or alpha value from the output?
Icing after exercise should decrease pain.
Synovial fluid is a viscous material that is derived by filtration from blood.
The registered nurse has delegated care of a postoperative patient to a licensed practical nurse (LPN). The LPN reports that the patient is complaining of shortness of breath and abdominal pain. The LPN also reports that the patient's blood pressure is elevated. The most appropriate action for the RN is:
How many different options are available to control the phase and polarity of an SPI clock signal?
