To assess the effect of a new golf ball and new driver on driving distance, I take repeated measurements at each combination of golf ball and driver. The driving distances (meters) during the experiment are shown in the following table.           Old Golf Ball   New Golf Ball     Old Driver   88, 91, 88   90, 90, 92     New Driver   92, 94, 96   95, 97, 96       a. Estimate how much the driving distance increases by switching from the old to the new golf ball. [partA] b. Use the new golf ball and new driver data to estimate the precision of the driving distance measurements. [partB]
Improper Integral Continued 7.
Write a JavaFX GUI program with file name LastnameFirstnameExam5.java that meets the following requirements and adheres to the layout included sketch.  Must set the title of the window to be "1331 Exam 5 - YOURNAME", where YOURNAME is replaced with your first and last name. Must include some non-editable text at the top to the window (not the title) with a short phrase of your choosing. Change the text font to either Georgia, Brush Script MT, Courier New, or Comic Sans MS; it cannot be the default font. Font size should be 12. Must include a plain Button.  The button must toggle the color of the shape between Color.BLACK and your favorite color.  Make sure this color is still visible in the UI (i.e. the color should be dark enough to be seen).   Must include one of the following shapes:  Circle, Rectangle, Polygon, Ellipse, or Arc. The shape can be a color of your choosing, but make sure this color is still visible in the UI (i.e. the color should be dark enough to be seen). Must include a select one-of-many button group to control the alignment of the shape displayed. There should be 3 alignment options for Top, Center, and Bottom.  Hint: StackPane has a setAlignment method. You may place this group beside or below the shape.  In order to actually see the alignment change you will need to ensure that your window/stage is large enough. So, you need to set the size of your stage to be large enough to see the change proportional to the the size of your shape. A good ratio is to make the window 3 times the width and height of the Shape. To do this you can use the following methods: stage.setMinWidth(X); and stage.setMinHeight(Y);   Must use a Spinner UI control that will control the scale of the shape.  The Spinner should have a minimum value of 0.1, maximum value of 2.0, initial value of 1.0, and a step amount (i.e. amount to step by) of 0.1 Hint: Make sure to set the scale of both the X and Y dimensions using setScaleX and setScaleY Another Hint: Look closely at Spinner's constructors to find one that allows for configuration of the min/max/init/step values on creation of the Spinner to make your life easier. Yet Another Hint: There are several ways to implement the event handling, we recommend using the setOnMouseClick method that is available to any Node   You must use at least one of the following children of Pane to control the layout of the Nodes: BorderPane, GridPane, HBox, or VBox. You must implement your event handling at least two of the three ways we taught: named inner class, anonymous inner class, and lambda expression.  For example, at least one handler as an anonymous inner class and at least one handler as a lambda expression. Failure to implement handlers in two different ways will result in the loss of points.   Points may be deducted if your layout deviates greatly from the one shown below. However, you do not need to have a border around the pane containing your shape nor around the shape itself. You may place the one-of-many button group below or beside the Shape.  YOUR SHOULD ONLY SUBMIT A SINGLE JAVA FILE. ENSURE THAT ANY OTHER CLASSES YOU INCLUDE EXIST WITHIN THE SAME FILE. IF YOUR SUBMITTED CODE DOES NOT COMPILE, YOU WILL RECEIVE A ZERO. SAVE, BACKUP, AND TEST OFTEN! The following is an example layout for your UI, but as long as you meet the requirements stated above the layout is flexible:
Who wrote "This Is Just to Say"?
Match each step in the crossbridge cycle to its title.
The letter "C" in the ABCX model for crisis intervention with families stand for:
Each hemoglobin molecule contains
In order for handwashing to be effective, it should take a minimum of:
Allied health professionals who are certified include the following except
Which of the following word is the BEST example of a bound morpheme?
Each unit of blood must be tested for all of the following EXCEPT:
The walls of plant cells are largely composed of polysaccharides and proteins that are synthesized __________.
In the peripheral blood, MDS with excess blasts is characterized by:
_______________________ are joints in which two bones are separated by a joint cavity.
A relationship that tends to focus narrowly on the performance of the necessary tasks, duties, and responsibilities that must be performed during a predetermined time period is called a ______.
The base year for the calculation of real GDP for the hypothetical economy in Figure 5.2 is closest to
Write  in exponential form.
For  the function  is a solution of the ODE
What is the mass in grams of 0.500 mol of dichlorodifluoromethane, CF2Cl2 (molar mass = 120.91 g/mol)?
What role did craft guilds play in the economic life of towns during the High Middle Ages?
