Many experts agree that robots will replace teachers by 2027. Robot Teachers  If you think of the jobs robots could never do, you would probably put doctors and teachers at the top of the list. It's easy to imagine robot cleaners and factory workers, but some jobs need human connection and creativity. But are we underestimating what robots can do? In some cases, they already perform better than doctors at diagnosing illness. Also, some patients might feel more comfortable sharing personal information with a machine than a person. Could there be a place for robots in education after all?  British education expert Anthony Seldon thinks so. And he even has a date for the robot takeover of the classroom: 2027. He predicts robots will do the main job of transferring information and teachers will be like assistants. Intelligent robots will read students' faces, movements and maybe even brain signals. Then they will adapt the information to each student. It's not a popular opinion and it's unlikely robots will ever have empathy and the ability to really connect with humans like another human can.   One thing is certain, though. A robot teacher is better than no teacher at all. In some parts of the world, there aren't enough teachers and 9-16 percent of children under the age of 14 don't go to school. That problem could be partly solved by robots because they can teach anywhere and won't get stressed, or tired, or move somewhere for an easier, higher-paid job.   Those negative aspects of teaching are something everyone agrees on. Teachers all over the world are leaving because it is a difficult job and they feel overworked. Perhaps the question is not 'Will robots replace teachers?' but 'How can robots help teachers?' Office workers can use software to do things like organize and answer emails, arrange meetings and update calendars. Teachers waste a lot of time doing non-teaching work, including more than 11 hours a week marking homework. If robots could cut the time teachers spend marking homework and writing reports, teachers would have more time and energy for the parts of the job humans do best.
An adult has a medical diagnosis of increased intracranial pressure and is being cared for on the neurology unit. The nursing care plan includes elevating the head of the bed and positioning the client's head in proper alignment. What is the reason for these actions?
This question contains two parts.  You must answer both parts to receive full credit.   1) Describe a muscle twitch. Consider both how a twitch is generated and also how it used by the muscle.   2) Describe a graded response.  Consider both how it is generated and also how it used by the muscle. In your description, be sure to indicate how it is different than a muscle twitch.
In the blank spaces below, write the output produced by each line of the following program, as it would appear on the console. int claim(int hear, int good, int song) { printf("%d plus %d is greater than %dn", hear, song, good); return hear + song; }int main() { int hear = 4; int song = 5; int good = 12; int walk = 90; int talk = 19; int feel = 23; good = claim(feel, song, feel); int again = claim(good, hear, song); claim(talk, 14, feel); talk = claim(talk, again, walk); }  Line 1: [l1] Line 2: [l2] Line 3: [l3] Line 4: [l4]
Convert the decimal to a proper fraction or mixed number with a denominator as a power of ten. Then, reduce to lowest terms. Show steps. 0.304
Accumulation of cholesterol beneath the inner linings of arteries is called?
Which type of configuration is best suited for the large and elaborate spectacle associated with contemporary musical theatre productions?
The black pin represents what major muscle?
Which of the following can be used in the management of torsades de pointes? 1. Procainamide (Pronestyl) 2.  Lidocaine (Xylocaine) 3. Amniodarone (Cardarone) 4. Magnesium Sulfate
Which of the following is an inherited condition?
EKSTRA OPLAAI VRAAG (Jy mag hierdie vraag SLEGS in 'n noodgeval gebruik)
Match the following risks to how the risk can best be managed either through 1) insuring the risk, OR 2) managing the risk through the contract because the risk typically is not insurable:
How can Mendelian genetics be reconciled with the existence of continuous quantitative traits?
Histology of the peritoneum
Precisamos de uma passagem que [i] menos de R$800,00.
The first ten amendments to the constitution are traditionally called the
La. = bony landmark. The structure labelled with the number "37 (la.)" is called the _______
A student found that 15.1 mL of a 0.0394 M HCl solution was required to neutralize 25.0 mL of an unknown Ca(OH)2 solution. Calculate the concentration of the calcium hydroxide solution. (16 pts)
The Progressives argued that the treatment of offenders should be individually tailored to the offender and not the crime that was committed.
When determining the salaries or personnel expense, which of the following would need to be considered for each employee?
