The Hidden Curriculum...
Place the following in correct sequence from superficial to deep. 1) pia mater         2) dura mater          3) arachnoid mater         4) subarachnoid space        5) subdural space
9   Select all statements that are true about breast milk / breastfeeding. (Select all that apply)
47. Discuss what molecules plants take in for photosynthesis and what are the products of photosynthesis?
Describe the history of Central American countries starting with the banana republics.  How have US actions in Central America contributed to the current migration crisis?  Be sure to talk about broad policies as well as actions in specific countries and specific people involved.  Answer in 10 sentences or less.
A client diagnosed with schizophrenia says, "I want to go home to tome in dome." When documenting the nurse with refer to this as:
There are two approaches that can be used to identify unknown fish eggs and larvae.  List these two approaches and describe how a complete developmental series would be obtained.
Kwashiorkor and marasmus are two forms of
Expand and multiply to evaluate the following expressions. 82 52 92 You can type the answers and separate them with commas.
At the beginning of the exam, show your materials to your camera. Verify that your scratch paper is blank on both sides and that you have the two pages of formula sheets printed. I have provided extra time in the quiz to allow for this step.It is okay to write on the formula sheet.   I recommend that you solve the exam problems on paper first, then enter your answers into the quiz. If a computer or Internet glitch occurs, you will still have your scratch paper.
Oxytocin is one example of the biological underpinnings of human's "need to belong" because it is
What is the main advantage of using the water displacement method to measure the volume of a metal versus using the length measurements?
BONUS!  What is the following word in Spanish? blonde
What is wrong with this survey question? "How many hours per day do you spend driving your car?"  30-60 minutes 1-2 hours 2-3 hours more than 3 hours
Which of the following is NOT true about the use of brain imaging for diagnosing specific mental disorders in individual patients?
In which phase of the cell cycle does replication (duplication) of the DNA take place?
A patient with overactive bladder has been prescribed tolterodine (Detrol).  While assessing the patient, the nurse discovers the presence of the following health problems.  For which problems should the nurse contact the prescriber and question the drug order?
Which medications are biologic response modifier (BRM) drugs? (Select all that apply.)
"Glass walls" refer to:
What happened to European and American confidence to bring on the Enlightenment?
