Over 50 percent of all sales of medically important antibiotics in the United States are for livestock use. Why is this problematic for humans?
What is the perspective of this shot?
All the giant planets radiate more energy into space than they receive from the Sun EXCEPT:
A molecule of glucose and fructose are covalently bonded together by the _________ reaction to form sucrose.
You've probably heard police officers on television repeat the same line every single time they arrest someone: "You have the right to remain silent."  Have you ever wondered why they always say this?  As it turns out, all police officers in the country are required by law to say these words, which are called "Miranda Rights."  They are named after a famous court case from 1966, Miranda v.  Arizona.   The Case In 1966, an Arizona man named Ernesto Miranda was accused of kidnapping and assaulting a teenage girl.  After a few hours of questioning, he confessed his guilt to a police officer.  Later, during his trial, the prosecution used his confession as evidence to convict him.  When the court did find him guilty, his lawyers appealed the case.  The case went all the way to the Supreme Court.  The case related to the Constitution, because the Fifth Amendment gives everyone the right to stay quiet when they are asked to confess to a crime.  Miranda's lawyers argued that Miranda did not know about this right, and therefore his testimony could not count as evidence in the trial.   The Result Since Miranda did not know about his Fifth Amendment rights, his confession could not be used against him, and the Supreme Court ruled in his favor.  The official court decision was over sixty pages long, but Chief Justice Earl Warren read the whole thing out loud for the court.  It had two parts: First, after the police arrest someone, they have to tell the person they have the right to remain silent, just as it is stated in the Fifth Amendment.  Second, the police also have to tell that person they have the right to use a lawyer in the trial and any time prior to that, and that if they cannot afford a lawyer, the government will provide them with one.  These rights are both found in the Sixth Amendment.  This is why you always hear police officers reciting these important rights whenever they arrest someone.  They are called "Miranda Rights" today. Miranda Rights Today The basic wording might sound familiar.  "You have the right to remain silent.  Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.  You have the right to an attorney.  If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed to you.  do you understand these rights as I have read them to you?"  However, there are actually over 945 versions of the Miranda Rights!  Every state and county can have its own wording. Not only that, but the Miranda Rights also have to be translated into many different languages, in case the police arrest someone who does not speak English.  There are also simplified versions, because it is important for minors and the mentally disabled or mentally ill to understand their rights as well. Some researchers have analyzed the wording of Miranda Rights from all over the country, and most versions are too complex for everyone to understand.  Some are so  complex, they are at the same reading level as a college textbook!  It is extremely important that everyone can understand that their right to remain silent and their right to be represented by a lawyer.  The law says that, in order to use a suspect's own confession against him, the court has to prove that the police read them their rights, they completely understood their rights, and that they chose to ignore those rights intentionally.  The Constitution gave us these rights for a reason; make sure you understand them!     Which of the following BEST identifies the MAIN idea of the text?
Which type of plants can produce "gemmae cups"?
Protein synthesis _______________.
Which of the following bacteria will not grow in inorganic synthetic broth?
Ellie is 45  years old and she experiences a small fall that ends up fracturing her arm. Due to the unusual nature of a break with such a small fall, a bone scan is done and  reveals osteoporosis. Her physician informs her that this is likely a result of entering menopause earlier than most women and due to her lifestyle (smoking, excess alcohol consumption, and low calcium in her diet while younger). Her physician tells her she cannot reverse osteoporosis but she suggests hormone therapy to prevent further progression of the osteoporosis. Given the patients medical history, what hormone would she most likely prescribe for her patient?
Cities in East Africa heavily affected by a high level of__________ often cannot build infrastructure fast enough to keep up with demand.
It is possible to have the self-contained unit and matrix organization structure in the same organization at the same time.
What element has electron configuration of [Ar] 4s13d5?
The Communist Cold War was between
What specific area is indicated by the green arrow labeled "B"?
A letter of application (cover letter) should:
Internal validity refers to:
You have plotted data on a scatter plot and determined the correlation coefficient to be -.90.  Your scatter plot looks like which of the following?
II. Vocabulario A - Select the word in each row that doesn't belong with the others. (6x1.5=9 points)
1.3   Kies in elke geval die verbruikersreg uit KOLOM B by die verbruikerskwessie in KOLOM A.     [5]         KOLOM A Verbruikerskwessies   KOLOM B Verbruikersreg
Find both the parametric and the vector equation of the line.The line through (0, 1, 0) in the direction of the vector v = (3, 0, -1)
