Although it says 0 points for this essay, the points for this essay will be added to the points for the previous one, total points for both of them = 30 points   Pick five of the following hormones and describe where they are synthesized (manufactured) and their action (what they do). This can be in the form of a table. prolactin                      oxytocin PIH                              LH CRH                            ADH growth hormone         TSH
The PET imaging agent used to follow Parkinson's disease is:
What is a craniate?
Eukaryotic mRNAs are monocistronic.
When petty cash is replenished, individual expenses are debited, cash is credited, and, if necessary, the cash over and short account is either debited or credited.
How many antibodies were needed in our ELISA test?
The proteins actin and myosin are responsible for giving muscle the property of
Having a workforce of PCNs, HCNs, and TCNs means the educational level of the workforce will be highly varied.
Normal profit is a(n) ________ cost because ________.
Match each structure with the appropriate description.  (1 point each)
In a certain fruit fly species, wing shape is determined by a single gene with two alleles: (S) for straight wings, which is completely dominant to (s) for curly wings.  In turn, eye shape is determined by a single gene with two alleles: (R) for round eyes, which is completely dominant to (r) for triangular eyes.  The two genes are linked to the same autosome.  A cis dihybrid male fly (S s R r) is test crossed and the following progeny are obtained. Progeny phenotypes           Number of progeny Straight, round                        43 Straight, triangular                  4 Curly, round                             6 Curly, triangular                      47 Total                                          100 What is the centiMorgan (cM) map distance between these two genes?
21. Extra Credit: All components of the extra credit have to be correct to get credit. The extra credit will replace one wrong answer on the quiz.     The physician has ordered Lasix (furosemide) 40mg IVP.  Your patient has D5NS infusing.  The D-R-C for this medication is:  (See following pages from IV med book)      Dilution:  Rate:  Compatibility:               Furosemide  (fur-OH-seh-myd) Lasix Diuretic (loop) pH 8 to 9.3 Usual dose Adjust dose and dose schedule to individual patient needs. Reserve parenteral therapy for emergent situations or for patients unable to take oral therapy. Switch to oral therapy as soon as practical.   Edema: 20 to 40 mg. May be repeated in 2 hours. If necessary, increase dosage by 20-mg increments (under close medical supervision and no sooner than 2 hours after previous dose) until desired diuresis is obtained. ACC/AHA 2009 guidelines for heart failure recommend a maximum single dose of 160 to 200 mg. If larger doses are required, may be given as an infusion at a rate not to exceed 4 mg/min. When high-dose parenteral therapy is elected for CHF, the ACC/AHA 2009 guidelines recommend a 40-mg IV loading dose followed by an infusion of 10 to 40 mg/hr. After the initial diuresis the minimum effective dose may be given once or twice every 24 hours as required for maintenance.   Dose adjustments Higher doses may be required in renal insufficiency and acute or chronic renal failure. # Reduced dose or extended intervals may be appropriate in the elderly. # Extend dosing intervals in neonates because half-life is prolonged.   Dilution May be given undiluted. May be given through Y-tube or three-way stopcock of infusion set. Not usually added to IV solutions, but large doses may be added to NS, LR, D5W, D5NS and given as an infusion. pH of solution must be over 5.5. Some sources recommend protecting diluted solutions from light to prevent photodegradation (minimized at pH 7).   Rate of administration IV injection: Each 40 mg or fraction thereof should be given over 1 to 2 minutes.  Infusion for Adults: 0.1 mg/kg/hr.
Name the major product or products from the reaction shown. Describe the directing effects of the substituents that lead to the orientation of the product. Be specific. Why does it direct where it does?
Which of the following minerals participates in nerve transmission?
The ___________ of deforestation is caused by the destruction of the forests' ecosystems.
All these are true of Testosterone and estradiol except
Cold interstellar dust clouds are best observed at what wavelength?
Aerobic respiration produces approximately ________ more ATPs per glucose molecule than glycolysis does.
What happens when wheat is "tempered"?
The PERIODIC TABLE and FORMULA SHEET can be  accessed by right clicking on these links  and opening them in a separate tab or window.   No Paper Copies Permitted.
