The rotational period of Sirius, the brightest star in the night sky, is about 6 days. The mass of Sirius is twice the mass of the Sun and its radius is 1.75 times the radius of the Sun. A) What is Sirus' angular velocity in rad/s? (3 pts) Suppose that Sirius runs out of nuclear fuel and suddenly collapses to form a so-called white dwarf star. Assuming no mass loss and that the moment of inertia of a collapsing spinning star changes to one-third of its initial value. B) What would be the new radius of Sirius? (4 pts) C) What would be Sirius' new rotational period? (3 pts)   Treat Sirius as a solid sphere. MSun = 1.9x1030 kg, RSun = 6.96x108 m.
Match the different stages of an Action Potential with what occurs in each stage.
If a large space is left in a paper record, analyst should
What is this order called?
What was FALSE about the 1953 Sarah Keys incident?
According to the inclusion continuum, which level do you feel most a part of the group?
An adult female has elevated blood glucose and A1C level. The nurse practitioner prescribes liraglutide (Victoza), a GLP-1 analog.Which potential adverse effect is possible with this medication?
The internal rate of return:
When establishing the premises of the Decline of the City to arrive at the Essence of Justice, why did Socrates suggest the young men in Athens around him had been corrupted for a long time already?
An example that takes time and in which the importance lies in the details is called a(n)
On a low carbohydrate diet, the brain obtains energy from all of the following sources EXCEPT:
Closing entries are not necessary for
Transcription of part of a DNA molecule with a nucleotide sequence of AAACAACTT results in a mRNA molecule with the complementary sequence of
What happened to Tom Robinson after he went to prison?
Which of the following is the basic activity recommendation from the ACSM and CDC?
When pursuing a Blue Ocean strategy, a firm in a crowded marketplace should attempt to out-compete rivals on both cost and product features with the goal of gaining market share at the expense of other competitors in the same industry.
List all of the factors between 18 & 24, then find the Greatest Common Factor or GCF.
What is the name of the state of a plant cell in a hypotonic environment?
Horses need to have large amounts of excess tooth removed gradually over time to avoid killing the tooth. What is the maximum amount of tooth that should be removed at one time?
Rank the carbocation in order of increasing stability, putting the least stable first.
