How many significant digits are in the number 4012?
Robots are always better at diagnosing illness than doctors. Robot Teachers  If you think of the jobs robots could never do, you would probably put doctors and teachers at the top of the list. It's easy to imagine robot cleaners and factory workers, but some jobs need human connection and creativity. But are we underestimating what robots can do? In some cases, they already perform better than doctors at diagnosing illness. Also, some patients might feel more comfortable sharing personal information with a machine than a person. Could there be a place for robots in education after all?  British education expert Anthony Seldon thinks so. And he even has a date for the robot takeover of the classroom: 2027. He predicts robots will do the main job of transferring information and teachers will be like assistants. Intelligent robots will read students' faces, movements and maybe even brain signals. Then they will adapt the information to each student. It's not a popular opinion and it's unlikely robots will ever have empathy and the ability to really connect with humans like another human can.   One thing is certain, though. A robot teacher is better than no teacher at all. In some parts of the world, there aren't enough teachers and 9-16 percent of children under the age of 14 don't go to school. That problem could be partly solved by robots because they can teach anywhere and won't get stressed, or tired, or move somewhere for an easier, higher-paid job.   Those negative aspects of teaching are something everyone agrees on. Teachers all over the world are leaving because it is a difficult job and they feel overworked. Perhaps the question is not 'Will robots replace teachers?' but 'How can robots help teachers?' Office workers can use software to do things like organize and answer emails, arrange meetings and update calendars. Teachers waste a lot of time doing non-teaching work, including more than 11 hours a week marking homework. If robots could cut the time teachers spend marking homework and writing reports, teachers would have more time and energy for the parts of the job humans do best.
ID CELL TYPE AT ARROW
Selection for behaviors that increase the fitness of relatives characterizes which of the following?
If total fixed cost increases, which of the following will NOT change?
Which of the following reports is NOT usually considered an informational report?
The ________ extends inland from the shore as far as ocean-related features can be found.
Provide an appropriate response.Consider the discrete probability distribution to the right when answering the following question. Find the probability that x exceeds 5.
The living lobe-fin fishes are the coelacanths and the ___.
A caption in a graphic chart defines the values for the symbols used in the chart.
How should a vaginal foreign body be managed in the prehospital setting?
The following information relates to Jackson, Inc.:     For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021   Plan assets (at fair value) $2,040,000 $2,736,000   Pension expense      855,000     675,000   Projected benefit obligation  2,430,000  2,901,000   Annual contribution to plan     900,000     675,000   Accumulated OCI (PSC)     720,000     630,000    The amount reported as the liability for pensions on the December 31, 2020 balance sheet is
A credit to cash would
During orthodontic treatment, it is possible that fragments of cementum and dentin will break away from the apex of the root and then become absorbed by the body. This results in which of the following?
Reading Comprehension: Read the reading below and answer the questions that follow. A New Life 1          Elena Fuller and her family used to be city dwellers. They lived in a large apartment in the middle of the city and enjoyed everything the city had to offer. They seemed to have a good life. Elena's husband, Keith, had a well-paid job with a technology company, and Elena worked as an administrator for a large hospital. Their jobs were stressful, but together, they had a very good income. Their two children, Lucy (aged fourteen) and Rafe (aged ten), attended an excellent school and were active in sports and other extracurricular activities. 2           But four years ago, Elena and Keith started questioning their lifestyle. Elena's parents passed away suddenly. Then, Keith lost his job and couldn't find another one. Those events made them stop and ponder. The family had accumulated a lot of material things, but were they happy? Keith always had a dream of living in the country, so after a lot of discussion, they decided to move out of the city. They bought some land, and Keith started growing and selling organic vegetables. Elena got a job in a small town nearby. Now the family lives a completely different life. 3          We asked Elena to tell us about their decision to move and how it has changed their lives. 4 Q: What did your family and friends think when you said you were moving to the country?  5 EK: Oh, they were really surprised. Some of our friends thought we were totally crazy. They couldn't imagine why we wanted to leave the city. They thought that we were rejecting society and withdrawing from the world. It's interesting now, though, because some of those friends are the ones who enjoy coming to visit us in the country the most. 6 Q: Was it hard to make the move?  7 EK: Well, it wasn't easy at first. We had some difficult moments as a family. I found my job at the assisted living facility quickly, and I discovered that I really enjoyed working with senior citizens. So, it was easier for me. It was harder for the children though, especially for Lucy because she was older. They felt that being city kids set them apart from the other children at first, but then they made friends and it got easier. The move was probably most challenging for Keith, even though it was his idea. He had to learn a lot very quickly about raising vegetables. He made a lot of mistakes at first, so it took time for him to start making money from it. We were both uneasy because we were making so much less money. But it's also much less expensive to live out here, so that helped. 8 Q: How would you describe your quality of life now? Is it better or worse than before?  9 EK: Overall, it's definitely better. We work hard, but life is much slower-paced, so we have more leisure time. It's a very close community. Everyone knows everyone else in town, and that can be hard sometimes because there's a lot of gossip. On the other hand, we don't have to worry about the kids as much because everyone knows them. They're more carefree as a result. 10 Q: Do you ever miss the city? 11 EK: Oh, yes, of course. We miss the wide variety of shops and restaurants, and we miss the cultural opportunities like museums. Sometimes, especially in the winter, we feel the isolation here. We usually visit friends and family in the city a few times a year. It's great to see people and catch up on everything that's going on. But, it's funny, after we're there for a few days, we all start to get a little tired of the crowds, the traffic, and the noise. It starts to feel kind of claustrophobic, and we all feel relieved to get back to the country. 12 Q: So, is this a permanent move? Do you plan to return to the city? 13 EK: Oh, we're not going anywhere. We couldn't afford to move again anyway. But, seriously, Keith and I are happy that we know we'll spend our retirement in the country.
____________________________ is the export of molecules in vesicles to the environment.  Vesicles will fuse with the plasma membrane to release the contents.
The suffix that means hardening is
The life and death of cells are governed by:
It is possible for the graph of a rational function to touch its horizontal asymptote.
Which of the following fats increases risk of heart disease the most?
