HISTORY EXAMINATION INSTRUCTIONS:      1.    This paper consists of SECTION A and SECTION B based on the prescribed content framework as contained in the CAPS document.          SECTION A: SOURCE-BASED QUESTION  The crisis of capitalism in the USA 1900-1940         SECTION B: ESSAY QUESTION Communism in Russia 1900-1940     2.    You must answer all the questions     3.   You must TYPE all of your answers     4.   If you have a problem and need to upload then you must upload in the final question of the quiz BEFORE the test time is complete.      5.   You are advised to spend ONE hour per question     6.    When answering the questions, you should apply your knowledge, skills and insight.      7.    You will be disadvantaged by merely rewriting the sources as answers     8.   Leave a full line after each answer     9.    Use your own knowledge.  Cheating and plagiarism will not be accepted and evidence of such will result in a mark of zero.      10.    Good luck!
If a student does not complete 2 assignments, they will be counted as absent for a week.  Students are administratively dropped from the course upon accumulating two weeks of unexcused absences. T
Match each definition with the correct term below.
In many cases, predator and prey organisms evolve together and exert a strong selective influence on each other.  This is known as,
The plastic limit indicates the point at which the soil changes from
How is the calculation of confidence intervals superior to null hypothesis testing? Compare and contrast the information provided by both statistical techniques.
The Monroe Doctrine of 1823 asserted American
Thalidomide is a drug that was originally prescribed as a sleeping pill for pregnant women. Unfortunately it was later found to cause birth defects in children born to women who took the drug. These unintended side effects were caused by the mixture of molecules contained within the drug. The molecules are isomers, as they both have a molecular formula of C13H10N2O4{"version":"1.1","math":"C13H10N2O4"}. Their molecular structures are shown below.   Refer to the molecular structures shown above. Write one sentence that incorporates the answers to the following questions:  Name the specific type of isomers that comprise the drug Thalidomide and include a justification for your selected type.
Select the verb that correctly completes each sentence
Using a random sample is to accept some uncertainty about the conclusions.
The next few questions pertain to Zappos.com.    Zappos is considering two different online campaigns to run at the start of the new season.  The Zappos team has not conducted a survey like this before.  Therefore, they want to be 95% confident in the survey results and have a margin of error no greater than 2%.  What size sample will the Zappos team need to obtain to meet these criteria?
According to the study about mood and expectancy theory, which type of mood positively predicts expectancy, instrumentality, and valence?
Of the following disorders, the one most often seen with high doses of diuretics is
Short bowel syndrome is a risk when more than ______ of the ______ is removed.
Select all that may be a suspicious link to malware. Choose all that apply.
Clouds that develop about 1000 meters above the ground are generally
In a DNA double helix, the two polymer strands are oriented in opposite directions. What is the term for this arrangement?
Gil is a Baxley Co. salesman desperate to make quota by the end of 2015. On the afternoon of December 31, 2015, he convinces a longtime customer with excellent credit to sign a contract to accept delivery of Baxley Co.'s Widgetron Deluxe. Gil promises the customer a deep discount off the list price that they can 'hash out later' if the customer is 100% happy with the product. Gil does not tell the customer that the company's policy in such cases is to offer the maximum discount of 30%. The customer states he will have to consult an astrologer and a groundhog to determine if he is happy with the product. Gil oversees the delivery that evening of the Widgetron Deluxe. Should the revenue from this sale be recognized in 2015? Why or why not?A. The revenue should be recognized because the product shipped and the customer has excellent credit.B. The revenue should be recognized because there is a binding contract to accept delivery of the goods.C. The revenue should not be recognized because the price is unknown. D. The revenue should not be recognized because of the unusual and subjective terms under which the buyer has the right to return the product.
Which of the following compounds is required to transport fatty acids across the inner mitochondrial membrane?
The principle of diminishing marginal utility means that when Sarah eats pizza, her satisfaction from the second slice of pizza is probably:
