Economic profit is
INSTRUCTIONS         1.   The answers you provide to the question paper, must be your own, original work. No copying from any source is allowed. No marks will be awarded for work that is copied.         2.   Read all the questions carefully.         3.   Use the mark allocation as a guide to how much information is required in your answers.         4.   You may use a calculate if necessary, but always show all working out.         5.   Answer all the questions - do not leave any blank.         6.   If you answer any other questions, except for Question 5, on folio paper, you need to upload those answer to the 'TEST UPLOAD' quizz. When you submit this quizz, scroll to the bottom of the page and click on NEXT, it will take you to the upload quizz.  If you answer all the questions here (and have uploaded question 5 here), then there is no need to go to the upload quizz.
Gentlemen of the Congress. . . . It is a war against all nations. American ships have been sunk, American lives taken, in ways which it has stirred us very deeply to learn of, but the ships and people of other neutral and friendly nations have been sunk and overwhelmed in the waters in the same way. . . . . . .The world must be made safe for democracy. Its peace must be planted upon the tested foundations of political liberty. We have no selfish ends to serve. We desire no conquest, no dominion. We seek no indemnities for ourselves, no material compensation for the sacrifices we shall freely make. We are but one of the champions of the rights of mankind. We shall be satisfied when those rights have been made as secure as the faith and the freedom of nations can make them. . . . Does not every American feel that assurance has been added to our hope for the future peace of the world by the wonderful and heartening things that have been happening within the last few weeks in Russia? Russia was known by those who knew it best to have been always in fact democratic at heart, . . . But they have played their part in serving to convince us at last that that Government entertains no real friendship for us and means to act against our peace and security at its convenience. That it means to stir up enemies against us at our very doors the intercepted note to the German Minister at Mexico City is eloquent evidence. But the right is more precious than peace, and we shall fight for the things which we have always carried nearest our hearts--for democracy, for the right of those who submit to authority to have a voice in their own governments, for the rights and liberties of small nations, for a universal dominion of right by such a concert of free peoples as shall bring peace and safety to all nations and make the world itself at last free. . .   - Woodrow Wilson, War Message to Congress, 1917 Woodrow Wilson, War Messages, 65th Cong., 1st Sess. Senate Doc. No. 5, Serial No. 7264, Washington, D.C., 1917; pp. 3-8, passim.   Question: In his war message, Wilson misread which of the following subsequent events?
Determine the molarity of a solution formed by dissolving 4.00 moles of KBr in enough water to yield 3.00 L of solution.
Don't forget to __________ the source.
The level of organization that precedes the organ level is the _____ level.
Identify all the oxidation states in the following reaction. Which element is oxidized in the reaction? Fe2O3 + CO --> Fe + CO2
True or False:  Geologists now have the ability to make short-term forecasts/predictions of earthquake activity for well-studied fault zones like the San Andreas system.
Using the figure below, identify the cavity labeled "12."
Use Figure to match the following.  Answers may only be used once.
What database platform is often used with big data stores and NoSQL?
Place the parts of the nephron in the correct order.
One of the first crises an individual who has been diagnosed with HIV might face is isolation, or fear of isolation.
Ice cream names such as chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry are similar to _____.
The New Testament indicates that each local congregation_______.
Pertussis has the following characteristics except:
Which statement about the primary motor cortex is CORRECT?
A specially trained nurse has inserted a PICC line. What would be done next?
28.  An aquatic microbe that can grow only near the surface of the water is probably which of the following?
A characteristic x-ray occurs when:
