What are the differences between SOAP and REST? In your answer,  define what each is, explain why a SOAP client needs a stub but a REST client does not, explain what a stub (or proxy) does, when you would choose to use SOAP or REST.
ONE complete respiratory cycle includes _____________.
The Israel of Jesus' day was ______________ .
Color blindness is a recessive sex-linked trait.  A color-blind woman and a normal-visioned man have a boy.  What is the probability that the boy will be color-blind?
Alva complains of severe muscle cramps and testing reveals that, at age 27, she also has osteoporosis. What should you suspect?
When a company develops a clear sense of what it stands for as an ethical organization, it has created a reactive ethical policy.
In the Abdominal picture, name the muscle marked C.  Do NOT include the word muscle.  Do NOT include left or right.
A patient who had extensive gastric surgery for stomach cancer reports feeling sick and diaphoretic with abdominal cramping about 20 minutes after eating. The nurse is providing information about dumping syndrome. Which information is correct? Select all that apply.
Which of the following exercises does not help to maintain of increase bone density?
By "jujitsu politics" the authors means
Quiz #2Major Sentence errors. Please take your responsibilities under Honorlock seriously.  If you appear to consult other devices during the quiz, you may disqualify yourself from the quiz!   Identify and fix the major sentence errors in the following.First, using these correction symbols, identify what the error is: SF = sentence fragmentCS = comma spliceFS = fused sentence example: 1.  There was something beneath the hat that gave him away, a gleam of dark Argentine hair.1.  SF.  fixed:  A gleam of dark Argentine hair beneath the hat gave him away.   1.  Kim Campbell, who earned a doctorate at the London School of Economics, was Canada's only female Prime Minister, she was also the only Prime Minister to come from British Columbia. 2.  I'm tired from days of soccer training, however, I tutored my sister in grammar anyway. 3.  A comma splice occurs when two complete sentences are joined only by a comma, a good writer must remember that rule. 4.  The apartment is too small she has no room for a treadmill and exercise bike. 5.   Laziness is one of the seven deadly sins Kafka often considered it the worst of the bunch. 6.  Soon I began to work for the company. First in the rock pit and then on the highway. 7.  My cat Buster loves to nap on warm spots when he sleeps on top of the sofa, his tail swipes the fabric like a windshield wiper. 8.  The airplane managed to make the difficult double-loop maneuver.After the tail section had been redesigned. 9.  My brother plays the cello, which is sort of like a big guitar, but less cool, however, he isn't embarrassed in the slightest. 10.   I decided to give skiing a try.  After, I had grown tired of watching other people fall. 11.   Sexual harassment is not just a women's issue, after all, men can be sexually harassed too. 12.   The nineteenth century European imperialists left arbitrarily drawn boundaries in Africa; therefore, each country is composed of a mix of languages and cultures. 13.  Between the islands of North and South Bimini is a five-mile long, two-mile wide lagoon. Except for the deep waters near Alicetown, the lagoon averages three feet deep. 14.  The apparent ease of California life is an illusion, people who believe the illusion is real live here only in a temporary way. 15.  Because Tom had forgotten.  He noticed that two cans of beer had exploded when he opened the freezer door.   16.  A still more adventurous path was taken by saxophonist Ornette Coleman.  Who established a style of improvisation which discarded most traditional notions of harmony. 17.  There have been violinists who were able to play with jazz-feeling.  Several from the 1930's, in big bands. 18.  The project is behind schedule the engineers in the team have to work late. 19.  The tiny storms cannot be identified as hurricanes therefore they are called neutercanes. 20.  In 1649, King Charles I was executed and the civil war came to an end this unprecedented regicide occurred soon after the Protectorate under Oliver Cromwell began. BONUS: 1.  What is a phrase? 2.  Define "subordinate" or "dependent"  clause.
What is believed to be the composition of Earth's core?
All of the following are examples of sharp force trauma EXCEPT:
The yucca moth lays its eggs in the flowers of the Yucca plant. It then pollinates the flower so that the plant produces seeds, some of which the moth larvae eat.  Above you can see the relationship between how many eggs the moth lays, and how many flowers the Yucca plant keeps alive. If a moth lays 11 eggs per flower, the plant ______the number of flowers by _________.
What version of Python was released in October 2019?
Identify muscle:  D
The presence of glucose in the urine indicates that
Jekyll and Hyde In comparison to Dr. Jekyll, Mr. Hyde is
Which statement regarding the term myelodysplasia is true?
Thomas has five questions to ask his reader in a routine information-request message. What is the best way to present these questions?
