Find the probability.A bag contains 7 red marbles, 8 blue marbles, and 3 green marbles. What is the probability that a randomly selected marble is blue?
A member function of a class that only accesses the value(s) of the data member(s) is called a(n) ____ function.
What energetic molecules (and how many) are made during the citric acid cycle (Krebs Cycle)?
Entropy is an extensive property.
When you examine a skeletal muscle, some fibers appear darker than others.  Explain in detail.
To promote the comfort and healing of the episiotomy and/or laceration, what  treatment is often used immediately after birth?
Which answer best fits the following description:  Provides end-to-end guidance for the planning, building, and deploying of Windows 10 and Windows Server 2016.
As firms simultaneously downsize and face the need for increased coordination across organizational boundaries, a control system based primarily on ________ is dysfunctional.
To assess an adult client for possible appendicitis and a positive psoas sign, the nurse should
An investor purchases a put option for a price of $2, with an exercise price of $25. What is the stock price at which the investor would break even?
Android intents and MQTT are similar in that messages could be communicated to unspecified recipients.
Match the current dimensions of applied behavior analysis with their definitions.
The physician ordered atovaquone 750 mg twice daily pc. Atovaquone 150 mg/10ml is available. How many milliliters will the nurse administer?
The probability that a battery produced on a particular production line has a defect is 3%. You can assume that errors are independent, so the event that one battery has a defect is independent of whether a different battery has a defect. What is the probability that out of 100 batteries made at least 2 have defects?
Fast-twitch fibers are more powerful and have quicker and briefer contractions than slow twitch fibers
Which conditions associated with AKI indicate that the client needs immediate dialysis? Select all that apply.
You are observing a cell perform cell division. List differences between mitosis or meiosis that would help you determine which type of cell division was occurring. (List four differences, 1 pt each)
3 pts - Define degenerate code
(Q001) Recent controversy over same-sex marriage highlights the tensions that emerge between the federal and the Texas constitutions. In November 2005, Texans went to the polls to vote on Proposition 2 to amend the Texas Constitution, a measure aimed at prohibiting same-sex marriages in the state. Supporters of Proposition 2 wanted the ban on such marriages enshrined in the state constitution in order to prevent any future legislation supporting gay and lesbian marriages. The measure passed, with nearly 76 percent of voters supporting it. In Obergefell v. Hodges (2015), the U.S. Supreme Court ruled 5-4 that marriage was a fundamental right guaranteed to same-sex couples by the due process clause and the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution. Writing for the majority, Justice Kennedy explained the Supreme Court opinion clearly: "The Court now holds that same-sex couples may exercise the fundamental right to marry. No longer may this liberty be denied them." Although Texas was not one of the states involved in the Obergefell case, the ruling clearly applied to it. One might have thought that the Obergefell decision would have ended debate over the legal status of same-sex marriage in Texas, superseding the provisions put into the Texas Constitution. But a few public officials sought to undercut the full effect of the U.S. Supreme Court ruling. In June 2015, Hood County Clerk Katie Lang said that she would refuse to issue same-sex marriage licenses because of her religious faith. Backtracking after a public furor broke out, she later agreed to allow staff members to issue the licenses. Attorney General Ken Paxton, a bitter opponent of same-sex marriage, advised county clerks in Texas that they could refuse marriage licenses to same-sex couples on religious grounds. According to Paxton, "Justices of the peace retain religious freedoms, and may claim that the government cannot force them to conduct same-sex wedding ceremonies over their religious objections." Threatened with a contempt citation from a federal judge, Paxton backed off, maintaining that he himself was not enforcing the laws that impeded gay marriage rights, only advising others about what courses of action could be pursued by public officials in Texas. Additional complications arose in June 2017 when the Texas Supreme Court ruled that Texas courts could explore "the reach and ramification" of marriage-related issues resulting from the Obergefell ruling, including whether spouses of gay and lesbian public employees in Houston were entitled to marriage-related benefits. Having extended benefits to gay and lesbian spouses following Obergefell, the city of Houston appealed the case to the U.S. Supreme Court, arguing that Obergefell demanded an extension of spousal benefits to all married employees. The U.S. Supreme Court chose in December 2017 not to review the Texas Supreme Court's decision. Paxton's "advisory" opinion and the Houston spousal benefits case raise interesting questions. Should the personal religious values of public officials allow them to not enforce the law? Should lawmakers bring the Texas Constitution in line with the Obergefell case by deleting the Proposition 2 provisions? Should spouses of gays and lesbians be offered the same benefits as spouses in heterosexual marriages? Should new provisions be added that protect the religious beliefs of state officials in the performance of their duties while upholding the principles of the U.S. Constitution?Is Proposition 2 a violation of the equal protection clause of the U.S. Constitution? Should it be deleted from the Texas Constitution? Should provisions be made in the Texas Constitution for protecting spousal benefits for gays and lesbians?
In the Lewis dot structure for HCN, there are H = Hydrogen, C = Carbon, N = Nitrogen
