Case/Scenario 2: Standards        Grade level: 6-8Subject area: world historyStandard: Understands how major religious and large-scale empires arose in the Mediterranean basin, China, and India from 500 B.C. to A.D. 300.Benchmarks: Understands the significant individuals and achievements of Roman society (e.g., the accomplishments of famous Roman citizens [Cincinnatus, the Gracchi, Cicero, Constantine, Nero, Marcus Auraleus] and the major legal, artistic, architectural, technological, and literary achievements of the Roman Republic).       Objectives              1.   TSW accurately compare and contrast the current American system of government at the national level and the system of government in Rome from about 510 to 264 B.C. using a graphic organizer.     2.   Using a timeline, TSW identify several forms of government Ancient Rome experienced with 90% accuracy.           Materials        For this lesson, you will need:     *   History and government textbooks     *   Encyclopedias           Procedures            1.   Because the terms republic and democracy have multiple meanings (some overlapping, some diametrically opposed), this lesson avoids both words and simply suggests that you ask students to write reports in which they compare and contrast the Roman system of government during the period 510-264 B.C. with the system of government currently in practice at the national level in the United States.     2.   Provide context for students by explaining that in the years leading up to the period they are studying (that is, in the years leading up to 510 B.C.), the entity known to us as Rome was ruled by kings. Students' assignment is to find out what system replaced the kings (and why) and how that system is similar to and different from the way the United States is governed today on the federal level.     3.   Direct students to do research and take notes to help them define and otherwise explain the following terms related to the form of government in place in Rome during the period under examination:  Citizen Plebeian Patrician Praetors (later called consuls) Senate Slave      4.   Suggest that as students gain an understanding of each of the preceding terms regarding Rome, they prepare notes (from research if necessary) about whether there is a similar or different element present in the U.S. system today.     5.   Once students have their two sets of notes ready, they will be ready to write a compare/contrast piece of writing. The teacher will teach or review the two options the students have for organizing their comparison-contrast piece of writing:  The block method, in which the writer gives all the information about one item (one form of government) and then all the information about the other item (the other form of government)   The alternating method, in which the writer focuses on one feature--say, the definition of who is a citizen--of each subject before going on to focus on another feature--say, the upper classes      6.   Remind students to follow the writing process--prewriting, drafting, revising, and editing. Consider inserting an opportunity for peer editing after the drafting stage.           Discussion Questions for the lesson:            1.    Consider Napoleon's remark that "the story of Rome is the story of the world." What do you think he meant by this? How is it that the "western world grew up in Rome's shadow?"     2.    Some might maintain that Rome's ability to grow its empire began with its talent in planning its city. Discuss how features of the early city of Rome (such as the Forum, the Colosseum, and the aqueducts) served as symbols of the values espoused by the empire's founding fathers.     3.    The historian Livy believed that Rome could somehow alter its destiny of decadence and morbidity if its people could remember (and live by) the values that spawned the empire. Do you think such a redirection of a people is possible through this kind of education?     4.    Explain how the Etruscans were like parents to the Romans--and, in turn, how the Romans were like revolting children.     5.    In order to fully understand the magnitude of the Roman Empire, look at a current map of Europe and the neighboring regions of North Africa and the Middle East. Into how many countries is the former empire now divided? How many different currencies are now used? Discuss the challenges this great empire faced in organizing, growing, and protecting itself.     6.    How did early Romans use the information gathered in the census to begin their republic? In what ways has our democracy evolved from these beginnings? In what ways has it deviated?           Assessment       The teacher will evaluate students' comparison-contrast essays using the following three-point rubric: Three points: clear comparison-contrast organization with more than minimal number of features covered; coherent and unified paragraphs; error-free grammar, usage, and mechanicsTwo points: jumbled comparison-contrast organization with minimal number of features covered; coherent and unified paragraphs; some errors in grammar, usage, and mechanicsOne point: no discernible organization and inadequate coverage of features; paragraphs lacking coherence and unity; many errors in grammar, usage, and mechanics         What type of rubric is used to evaluate the compare/contrast paper? Explain one advantage AND one disadvantage (or limitation) of this type of rubric.(5 points)
Pyocyanin causes what to occur in Pseudomonas infections?
Where are the stoma located on monocot leaves?
Vibrio cholera is a water-borne pathogen that colonizes the gastrointestinal tract. How would you describe the morphology of this organism?
Which of the following factors is unrelated to spatial resolution?
Critical thinking consists of:
The advantage of growing leafy vegetables without soil by way of hydroponic or aeroponic systems is ............   .
One of these is not part of cranial nerve 7 function:
Which of the following substances experience hydrogen bonding?
A patient admitted for fever of unknown origin has a temp of 103.5 degrees F.  The physician has ordered a broad-spectrum antibiotic, Tylenol (acetaminophen) PRN temp > 100.3 degrees F, and a blood culture and sensitivity to identify the organism.  Place the interventions in order of priority from which action should be first to last.
Put the following events of excitation-contraction coupling in the order in which they occur.  Excitation Sarcomere shortening Generation of muscle tension Neural control Contraction cycle begins Release of calcium ions
The following sentence is a _____ sentence. The boys are fishing in the lake, while I am washing clothes.
Of the four extraembryonic membranes of reptiles, birds, and mammals, the ___ surrounds the embryo in its own "private pond."
What value of l is represented by a d orbital?
Refeeding syndrome can result in:
The type of immunity that involves cytotoxic T cells is called
A court opinion that a court looks to for guidance when reaching a decision but is not bound to follow is referred to as:
Pettijohn Inc.The balance sheet and income statement shown below are for Pettijohn Inc. Note that the firm has no amortization charges, it does not lease any assets, none of its debt must be retired during the next 5 years, and the notes payable will be rolled over.   Balance Sheet (Millions of $)     Assets 2016   Cash and securities $  1,554.0   Accounts receivable 9,660.0   Inventories   13,440.0   Total current assets $24,654.0   Net plant and equipment   17,346.0   Total assets $42,000.0   Liabilities and Equity     Accounts payable $  7,980.0   Notes payable 5,880.0   Accruals     4,620.0   Total current liabilities $18,480.0   Long-term bonds   10,920.0   Total liabilities $29,400.0   Common stock 3,360.0   Retained earnings     9,240.0   Total common equity $12,600.0   Total liabilities and equity $42,000.0         Income Statement (Millions of $) 2016   Net sales $58,800.0   Operating costs except depr'n $54,978.0   Depreciation $  1,029.0   Earnings bef int and taxes (EBIT) $  2,793.0   Less interest     1,050.0   Earnings before taxes (EBT) $  1,743.0   Taxes $     610.1   Net income $  1,133.0   Other data:     Shares outstanding (millions) 175.00   Common dividends $   509.83   Int rate on notes payable & L-T bonds 6.25%   Federal plus state income tax rate 35%   Year-end stock price $77.69   Refer to the data for Pettijohn Inc. What is the firm's debt ratio (i.e., debt-to-assets ratio)?
Please shred you scratch paper to little pieces in full view of the webcam AND the examity proctor BEFORE you submit the exam. If you think rounding issues created problems in you selecting from the multiple choices, please make a note below of the question number(s) and your actual numerical answer(s) you arrived at during your own calculations.
Alzheimer's disease (AD) is the most common neurodegenerative disorder. The histopathological spread of the disease is well documented, and techniques are now available to study the transcriptomic and biological pathways disrupted in AD brains. Researchers used hierarchical clustering techniques on RNASeq data to generate gene expression profiles across the temporal lobe (TL), frontal lobe(FL), parietal lobe (PL), and cerebellum (CB) brain regions of AD individuals (figure above). Based on the data provided in the heatmap above, what general characteristic or patterns of the expression data is responsible for grouping genes into Gene Set #1?
