HPI: Patient is an 84 year old female admitted from a long term care facility to the hospital with a non-displaced right femur fracture. Pt is s/p a right hip ORIF. She is WBAT. Patient requires mod A for bed mobility and Max A for transfers. Pt is currently not ambulatory. She is on Coumadin for DVT prophylaxis. Patient is afraid to move in bed because of pain and keeps her right leg in the same position, flat on the bed. PMH: HTN, CAD, dementia, incontinence, arthritis PT orders: evaluate and treat for heel wound. Equipment: standard mattress Drainage: moderate purulent Odor: foul Wound base: 50% granulation tissue, 50% slough. Calcaneus bone exposed, can see and palpate Undermining and tunneling: No. Periwound: intact Labs: Hbg 7 g/dL (normal 12-16 g/dL). WBC 20,000 mm3 (normal 4500-11,000 mm3). Pre-albumin 13 g/dL (normal > 17 g/dL). INR 1.0 (normal 0.9-1.1). Platelets 300,000 / uL (normal 150,000-400,000 / uL) Question: Would you use sharp debridement for this wound? If so, why? If not, why not?
The process of bringing the appropriate amino acid into position along the mRNA and building a polypeptide is
According to IDEA 2004, the term "learning disabilities" includes students who have learning problems resulting from
Which of the following is true of capillary beds in the cardiovascular system (CVS)?
Unbeknownst to you the ori site on your vector is mutated and is nonfunctional. What impact will this have in terms of gene expression?  Please support your answer.
In caring for a patient with hepatitis B, the nurse would follow:
Read each sentence.  Indicate whether the verb in the sentence is transitive or intransitive.
Which of the following statements describes why Hamlet does not kill Claudius earlier in the play?
Some states impose inheritance taxes, but the Federal tax system does not.
In the study of people who left their home on Easter Island for varying amounts of time, spending more time away from the island made people's _____.
Which of the following physical changes occurs in adults over 25 years of age?
If a two parents are heterozygous carriers for cystic fibrosis (an autosomal recessive trait), what are the chances their child will have it?
The Rorschach Inkblot Test is an example of a(n):
In 2020, Avid Construction Co. (ACC) began work on a two-year fixed price contract project. ACC recognizes revenue over time according to percentage of completion for this contract, and provides the following information (dollars in millions):      Accounts receivable, 12/31/2020 (from construction progress billings)    $ 37.5   Actual construction costs incurred in 2020                                                 $ 120   Cash collected on project during 2020                                                        $ 105   Construction in progress, 12/31/2020                                                         $ 207   Estimated percentage of completion during 2020                                         40%   What are ACC's estimated remaining construction costs on the project at the end of 2020?
Under which of the following conditions would the products of the PPP be shunted into glycolysis?
Regarding the above situation, which statement is NOT true:a. babies eat more frequently before the go through a growth spurtb. frequent feedings encourage mom to make more milkc. not all women can breastfeed and of those that can, most  women cannot make enough milk to meet their baby's needsd. all of the above are true statements
Which of these statements about bilaterally symmetrical animals is true? (Select all that apply)
The closed basket weave taping technique is used to support which of the following?
You will add 50 mL water to the following vessels:  beaker, volumetric flask, and graduated cylinder.  Write a hypothesis about which vessel you think will be most accurate.
Five dialysis bags constructed of membrane, which is permeable to water and impermeable to sucrose, were filled with various concentrations of sucrose and then placed in separate beakers containing an initial concentration of 0.6 M sucrose solution. At 10-minute intervals, the bags were massed (weighed) and the percent change in mass of each bag was graphed.Which line in the graph represents the bag with the highest initial concentration of sucrose?
