Question IIB The County of Mobile in the state of Alabama owns a parking garage located at a public Community College whose first floor is rented out to local food service businesses for the sale of prepared food items to students and members of the general public.  All of the restaurants are privately owned and maintained.  They pay for their own utilities and lease the space from the College.  Patrons do not have to pay to park. Other than the rents, the College does not receive any monies from the profits of the restaurants.  At a previous time, all of the original owners of the restaurants had organized and formed a "Tenant's Association" and signed a covenant agreeing not to serve food in their restaurants to any black or Japanese persons.  The agreement also provided that the covenant would be part of and apply to any future sale of the businesses.  One of the original owners of the restaurants sold his restaurant to a Japanese individual, Mr. Fujisaki.  Mr. Fujisaki's new business opens its doors to all races and nationalities.  The other existing original owners of the restaurants in the building sue in state court for an injunction to prevent the new owner from selling to blacks or Japanese and requesting that the court nullify the sale as a violation of the covenant.  The state court agrees with the original owners and issues the injunction.  Several appeals later, the case reaches the Supreme Court of the United States.  Mr. Fujisaki claims the covenant and enforcement thereof is unconstitutional and seeks protection through the 14th Amendment to the United States Constitution. QUESTION:  IS THERE STATE ACTION OR AN EXCEPTION(S) TO THE STATE ACTION DOCTRINE THAT WOULD APPLY IN THIS CASE TRIGGERING CONSTITUTIONAL PROTECTIONS AFFORDED BY THE 14TH AMENDMENT?    EXPLAIN WHY OR WHY NOT.  USE CASES AND LAW DISCUSSED IN CLASS IN YOUR ANALYSIS.
________ is made from whitefish that is skinned, deboned, minced, and shaped into pieces to resemble shellfish such as crab or shrimp.
The following are grounds of inadmissibility EXCEPT:
If a country can produce cars with a lower opportunity cost than its trading partners, then it must have a:
Unit 9: Neoplasia
Hydroxylapatite (Ca10(PO4)(OH)2) is synthesized by bone osteoblasts and only found in animal bones and dentin.
Which of the following is not an important objective of development?
Question #452A drug's ability to produce its intended effect is known as ____________?
The nurse would recognize which of these devices as an open drainage system?
To sketch a circle, the same process for sketching an arc is repeated for all ____ of the circle.
A client is prescribed phenytoin suspension 15 mg/kg/24 hours in four divided doses. The client weighs 80 pounds. The drug comes from pharmacy as: suspension 25 mg/mL. How many milligrams per individual dose will the nurse give? Round to the hundredths place (2 decimal places as needed).
Which two of the three built-in Excel What-If Analysis tools may be used to organize and display the results of analyses where multiple (more than one) input data values may be analyzed?
If a racquetball player chooses the appropriate shot for a given situation but mis-hits the ball, he or she is making an error in
In which neuron would we detect tryptophan hydroxylase?
What is a characteristic symptom of hypoparathyroidism?
Pepsinogen is the precursor to the gastric enzyme for protein digestion and is secreted by the parietal cells.
What is the blood test DEA test for exactly?
Serous membranes line certain cavities within the:
What is another term for increase in white cells?
If a fat contains mostly saturated fatty acids, it will be ________ at room temperature.
