Note:  Points for this question will not be included in the preliminary score shown to you.  If correct, the points will be added upon finalization of test grades. Which of the following would not demonstrate an organization's commitment with the Quality Management Principle "process approach"?
The individual considered responsible for brining the Spanish farthingale to England was _________________________.
With Job Order Costing, the journal entry to issue $700 of direct materials and $80 of indirect materials to production involves debit(s) to the ________.
Using the same SPSS output, based on the R value for the correlation between social media awareness and direct marketing awareness, how would you classify the strength of the relationship?
A female college student comes to the counseling center and tells the nurse she is afraid of her boyfriend. She states, "He is so jealous and overprotective; he wants to know where I am and who I'm with every minute." Which of the following is most likely true of the situation?
Antisense strand is another name for the coding strand.
What was the impact of the 1996 Telecommunications Act on the radio industry?
The nurse evaluates teaching as effective when a patient taking a benzodiazepine states,
The nurse is caring for a newborn infant. Thirty hours after birth, the infant passes a dark green meconium stool. What is the importance of this finding?
How do the City of Gainesville and the University of Florida partner to facilitate transportation?
True or False: The growth of pubic hair during puberty is an example of a primary sex characteristic.
______ are designated as major trial courts. They have the power and authority to try and decide any case, including appeals from a lower court.
Solve the following problems on paper and scan and upload your solutions as a pdf. Solutions must be clearly readable for full credit. Show your work. Show units in your answers. Show any formulas used. Report final answers with accuracy of two decimal places, unless answer is an exact whole number. Round up or down as appropriate for whole machines or workers. 26. (25 pt.) Apply the rank order clustering technique to the part-machine incidence matrix in the following table to identify logical part families and machine groups. Parts are identified by letters, and machines are identified numerically. Show all steps' matrices. State the part families and associated machine groups.         Parts     Machines   A   B   C   D   E   F     1       1           1         2   1       1                 3       1           1   1     4           1   1             5                   1   1     6   1           1               27. (25 pt.) Four machines will constitute a GT cell. The from-to data for the machines are shown in the table below. Additional information is that 60 parts enter the machine grouping at machine 3, and 60 parts leave after machine 4. (a) (20 pt.) Determine and state the most logical sequence of machines for this data using the Hollier Method 2 (show the from/to sums and from/to ratios in table form), and construct the network diagram, showing where and how many parts enter and exit the system. (b) (5 pt) Compute the percentages of in-sequence moves, bypassing moves, and backtracking moves in the solution.         To:     From:   1   2   3   4     1   0   10   0   20     2   20   0   0   20     3   10   30   0   20     4   0   0   0   0     28. (25 pt.) A FMS consists of three stations plus a load/unload station. Station 1 loads and unloads parts using one server (material handling worker). Station 2 performs horizontal milling operations with two servers (identical CNC horizontal milling machines). Station 3 performs vertical milling operations with three servers (identical CNC vertical milling machines). Station 4 performs drilling operations with four servers (identical CNC drilling machines). The machines are connected by a part handling system that has four work carriers and a mean transport time of 3.5 min. The FMS produces two parts, A and B, whose part mix fractions and process routings are presented in the table below. The operation frequency fijk = 1.0 for all operations. Find (a) (5 pt) workload (in minutes) for each station (including the material handling), (b) (5 pt) WLi/si ratio for each station (including material handling), (c) (5 pt) the bottleneck station, (d) (5 pt) maximum production rate of the FMS (pc/hr), and (e) (5 pt) utilization (%) of each machine (station) in the system, including material handling.     Part j   Part mix pj   Operation k   Description   Station i   Process time tijk(min)     A   0.6   1   Load   1   2             2   H Mill   2   10             3   V Mill   3   15             4   Drill   4   21             5   Unload   1   3     B   0.4   1   Load   1   2             2   V Mill   3   16             3   H Mill   2   11             4   Drill   4   22             5   Unload   1   3
The units of attenuation are:
The mental model is a model of your brain
The nurse is visiting a family in the home to conduct a risk assessment. The family has a toddler and a preschool-aged child. What would be considered a safety hazard?
The nurse removes a transdermal nitroglycerin (NTG) patch at night. Which is the best explanation for this action?
Which of the following is the heel bone?
The aggregate demand curve is represented by which of the following equations?
What is an example of one of the potential drawbacks to marriage?
