QUESTION 4: MISCELLANEOUS Answer the questions below and use the numbering system in the paper.     4.1   Laura just started her catering business and she was asked to cater for many events across the country. One of those events was the "Climate Change Conference". Laura realised she would be catering to people on vegan and vegetarian diets and decided to do some research. Laura also chooses to import many of her ingredients but she must take the exchange rate into consideration.         4.1.1   Identify TWO elements from the Macro environment in the scenario above.   (4)     4.1.2   Managers will carry out various tasks at different levels of management. Briefly discuss THREE management tasks.   (6)     4.2   Read the case study below and answer the questions that follow.             A Leading fashion house is looking for a Chief buyer and a Public Relations manager to supervise the Purchasing and Public Relations departments. Both candidates must have qualifications in their appropriate field.         4.2.1   Analyse the role and importance of Public Relations.   (6)     4.2.2   Explain how the Chief buyer can ensure that employees are delivering quality work.   (4)         TOTAL FOR QUESTION 4:   [20]         TOTAL FOR SECTION B:   [40]
Which object is located at one foci of the elliptical orbit of Mars?
In the figure below, the muscle fascicle is represented by _____.
Who did what? Match each person with the correct answer.
An audit performed in accordance with U.S. generally accepted auditing standards provides assurance that all related party transactions will be discovered.
How many justices serve on the Supreme Court?
A 10 percent increase in the level of carbon dioxide within the blood will:
Which of the following statements correctly describes the difference between ATP and the nucleotides used during DNA synthesis?
Why are biomes such as the tropical seasonal forests often threatened due to a high human presence?
Which spinal meninges is composed of collagen fibers arranged in an irregular pattern that is very strong?
In the process of active transport, molecules move:
What factors are recognized by the cell in order to recognize the stop codon and disassemble the translation machinery?
Suppose a friend asks you to make a set of drapes for her living room. You decide to take on the contract for $450 and both parties orally agree to the contract. The size of the windows are nonstandard in your friend's older home so you design and manufacture custom drapes for the room. When you are installing the drapes, the customer remarks that the pattern does not look as good in her home as it did in the book and asks if you could just sell them to someone else. She would not be able to set aside this contract because
Mr. Anderson has a K+ of 6.9 mEq/L.  What should the respiratory therapist recommend?
After Mike does not get the job he interviewed for, he moves back in with his parents and spends his days playing video games. Which defense mechanism does this exemplify?
Diffusion of water through a semipermeable membrane is called A. facilitated diffusion.B. diffusion.C. active transport.D. osmosis.E. endocytosis.
The _______ is a thin sheet of skin at the end of the outer ear canal that vibrates in response to sound.
14.    It is inappropriate for a speaker to say anything as obvious as "in conclusion."
How many cross-references are needed for a business with four surnames?
Which of the following goals would require the largest volume  (longest time) of cardiovascular exercise per week?
