Show exactly what would be printed out when the following segment of code is executed. This code segment will not cause an error. Do not include quotes around strings when they are printed.  def aotFun(aDict):    branchDict = {"survey corp": 10, "garrison": 6, "military police": 0}    anthem = ""    for character in aDict:        try:            if branchDict[character] > 6:                anthem += "sasageyo!"            elif (branchDict[character] / 3) == 2.0:                return anthem        except:            print("the walls have been breached!")aDict = {"survey corp": "Levi", "titan": "Reiner", "garrison": "Pixis"}print(aotFun(aDict))
A patient enters the ED with severe trauma to the abdomen. The ED physician is concerned about bleeding in the abdomen with associated possible free intra-abdominal air. The patient is unable to stand or sit erect. Which position best demonstrates the condition?
You would know a dividing cell was a plant cell rather than an animal cell if you saw that _____.
A 52-year-old man comes in to establish care at your Family Medicine Clinic. He has no chronic medical problems, and thus takes no medications on a daily basis. He exercises several days per week with cardiovascular and weight training exercise and eats a Mediterranean Diet. With his last provider, he had negative HIV and Hepatitis C screening within the last few years and has no new sexual partners and has not had any high-risk behavior. He smoked one pack of cigarettes a day for about 1 year back when he was in college at the age of 19. He has not smoked cigarettes since. His concern today is cancer screenings, as to his knowledge, he has never undergone any age-appropriate cancer screenings. Given this, you recommend he:
The brightest object in the sky is
(12) _______ cuadernos
The curve labeled A in the above figure will shift rightward when
I agree to the following: I am the student of record registered for this course. The work on this test is my own. I will not share answers with another student, use sources that are not allowed by the instructor, or otherwise cheat on this test. I acknowledge that if I am found to have cheated, Alvin Community College has the right to remove me from the course and take the appropriate punitive measures.
Can this compound have more than one enantiomer?
If we are reviewing rules set by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), then we are studying:
A company makes food packages for emergency shelters.  These packages often sit unused for many years before they are needed.  An engineer believes that the higher the sugar content in the food, the shorter the shelf life will be.  Data is collected to assess the relationship.  Which of the following would be true in the analysis?
Extra Credit: The formula 2n2 is used to calculate
Of these four events following fracture of bone, place them in the correct order of occurrence. 1) Hematoma 2) Ossification of cartilage 3) Bone remodeling 4) Fibrocartilage callus formation
In the process of fixing breakfast you:1. break open the egg2. fry it3. cut the fried egg into pieces4. cut toast in halfWhich one of these is a chemical process?
Why does Abu Sarah think that soccer can bring people together?
1.5   Bhala isikhathi ekufundwa ngaso ejele.   (2)
Which prediction below would be most likely to be true, concerning species of flowering plants with different breeding systems?
Answer ONE of the following essay questions.  Be sure to answer each part of the question.  Use proper grammar and spelling, as well as paragraphs (no bullet points) and appropriate sentence structure.  Be thorough in your answers.  If you associate an idea or key word with a topic, include it.  Better safe than sorry.  The Cold War divided the world into two different camps, one supported by the United States, the other by the Soviet Union.  What were the steps that led to the outbreak of this conflict?  Why did the two superpowers grow antagonistic toward one another?  Could it have been avoided?  If so, how?  If not, explain why. At the beginning of the Cold War, Germany, especially Berlin, was the area of most concern.  Explain he reasons that Germany, generally, and Berlin more specifically, was it so important in the early Cold War?  Describe at least two events that took place there between 1945-1960.  How did the two sides avoid a "hot war" there? De-colonization and the collapse of the Japanese Empire created difficulties in Asia.  Describe how the post-WWII era in Asia increased the strain of the Cold War?  Provide at least two examples of events that took place in Asia to exacerbate the Cold War between 1945-1960.
Nehemiah was the cupbearer for the King of Babylon.
Decerebrate posturing or extension posturing is the most severe and involves the brain stem.
