FORMULA SHEET:   see Instructions REMINDER of RULES:   Allowed:  calculator  one piece of blank scratch paper that must be ripped up at the end of the test you must show front and back of both the calculator and scratch paper during your scan of the room    NOT Allowed:  lecture notes, e-book or textbook, any other materials related to the course or content accessing any websites other than the exam and accompanying materials cell phones, tablets, laptops, smart watches, and any other electronic devices  talking to anyone or communicating with anyone during the exam  moving away from your computer, including leaving for bathroom breaks (unless permitted by the DRC)  sharing, discussing, distributing or posting exam questions anywhere, to anyone, before, during or after the exam any form of cheating   FAILURE TO FOLLOW THESE INSTRUCTIONS COULD RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE HONOR CODE AND A GRADE OF ZERO ON THIS EXAM.
Twenty-two different _______________ are involved in protein synthesis.
Which of the following molecules are products of the light reactions of photosynthesis that are utilized in the Calvin cycle?
Because cachexia is common in patients with metastasis, what should the nurse be sure to assess?
Which is an accurate description of the symptoms of mania?
Sympathetic stimulation increases the speed of action potential transmission through the conduction system.
In codominance, the expression of both the alleles are not expressed
The ischium which is part of the pelvic bone is located cranially to the ilium.
What kind of amino acid residue would you find on the exterior surface of a membrane-embedded protein?
Chapin Company purchased equity investments in 2017 at a cost of $200,000 and recorded them as equity securities (considered a minority passive investment). Their market values totaled $250,000 and $230,000 on December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2018, respectively. The entry required on December 31, 2018, would include a
A reddish-blue or purple discoloration of the skin or mucosa that results from spontaneous extravasation of blood and is caused by an increase in capillary fragility or a deficiency in blood platelets is termed
The major function of the sarcoplasmic reticulum in muscle contraction is to ____.
List each of the descriptive adjectives (in the order in which they appear) in the following sentence and enter each on a new line.      When sudden illness strikes, a very thin person may have a  really difficult time with the cold.
Hugo Munsterberg was a pioneer in both forensic psychology and clinical/abnormal psychology. Describe two of his contributions in each of these areas--be specific, describing in detail exactly what he did/found/claimed for each of your four (total) points. You can use a bulleted or numbered list; no need for a formal essay.
The best Doppler angle is:
The equation above shows how temperature F, measured in degrees Fahrenheit, relates to a temperature C, measured in degrees Celsius. Based on the equation, which of the following must be true?  A temperature increase of 1 degree Fahrenheit is equivalent to a temperature increase of 5/9 degree Celsius. A temperature increase of 1 degree Celsius is equivalent to a temperature increase of 1.8 degrees Fahrenheit. A temperature increase of 5/9  degree Fahrenheit is equivalent to a temperature increase of 1 degree Celsius.
Which of the following is a complication of hemodialysis that the nurse should be monitoring for?
A list of customers cannot be a trade secret.
27. A patient with possible rheumatic fever was just admitted to the unit. Which question asked by the nurse is the most important assessment factor?
Use the section below (the full essay can be found at the beginning of this test) to answer this question:  QuestionIdentify the topic sentence in paragraph 3. Referenced section          16Also, my family will always stand up for me. 17I am far from perfect I make mistakes daily. 18They are usually the first ones to point out the mistake, but if anyone else criticizes me too harshly, they are the first to come to my defense. 19I recall one time when I was playing Little League baseball. 20I was only 6 years old, and I wasn't very good at it. 21The game was close and it was my turn to bat. 22Needed to hit a home run and win the game, but I struck out. 23An angry parent sitting in the stands near my father yelled something ugly at me. 24I think that is the closest my dad has ever come to being arrested. 25He almost punched the other parent, but my mom held him back. 26Even if he did not actually hit the other parent, I could hear him defending me quite loudly. 27My sociology textbook's author says this about a child's sense of family: "If a child knows that his/her parents will always have his/her back, then that child will grow to feel more confident as an adult" (Simmons, par. 457). 28Seeing my dad defend me taught me a lesson about how you should be a parent.
