1) Tell what word(s) in the sentence is/are wrong. 2) Tell why it is wrong.  BE SPECIFIC. Answers such as "it's spelled wrong" or "it's the wrong word" or "it's conjugated wrong" are not acceptable. 3) Rewrite the sentence so that it is correct. If a symbol or accented letter is needed copy and paste into your submission:     a      e      i      o      u      n A      E      I      O      U     ?    ! Mis amigos hacemos la tarea en el laboratorio.
Prions are _____ that are thought to cause disease by _____.
Which of the following ethical theories can be used to justify Johnny's decision to NOT file for bankruptcy relief?
What incompatibilities are detected at the antiglobulin phase of a crossmatch?
Two species of beetles are herbivores on the same host plant, and the presence of either species reduces the population growth of the other. The relationship between the beetles is therefore best described as
Which of the following is not an example of a computer used as an instrument of crime?
Bonus Question 1: Name these characters (1/2 point for each correct answer)
For their unfaithfulness, the Israelites are condemned by God to wander in the wilderness for
Babies should not be put to sleep with a bottle of formula because:
Section B: Writing for an audience
During the planning process, if there is a gap between future desired sales and projected sales, corporate management will need to develop or acquire new businesses to fill it. List and describe the three growth strategies that can be used to fill the strategic gap.
The ventricles of the vertebrate brain contain
The increased boiling point of ketones compared to alkanes and ethers of similar mass is due to
What is the molecular formula for hexane?
Peak to peak amplitude is:
Brabender amylograph can be used to measure the viscosity of starch mixture as they heated in water.
You are born with all of the cerebrospinal fluid you will ever use.
Mercury is a toxic metal. Calculate the mass of mercury contained in a 2.0 L sample that is labelled as 7.5 ppm in mercury.
Choose all possible meanings:  acer
The balance in the office supplies account on January 1 was $7,000, supplies purchased during January were $3,000, and the supplies on hand on January 31 were $2,000. The amount to be used for the appropriate adjusting entry is
