Severe pain and constriction around the heart caused by insufficient blood supply is called:
A patient with heart failure (HF) is admitted to the hospital, put on bed rest, administered oxygen, and treated with an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor. Additionally, the patient is educated about healthy lifestyle choices to prevent HF symptoms. Which statements by the patient indicate that the collaborative care goals have been met? Select all that apply.
All of the following are examples of diseases in which loss of biodiversity enhances the transmission of parasites and pathogens except ___.
Alpha-1 adrenergic antagonists
Imagine you are moving through the alimentary canal and have just been bathed in parotid secretions.  Which of the following will you encounter next?
Thomas and his family recently toured the Gettysburg Battlefield on their vacation. The area was rich in history. While walking, Thomas remembered all the accounts of the battle that he had read in school. He finally understood why this place had such a special meaning in American history and to Americans in general. Gettysburg Battlefield is best classified as ________.
The home care nurse is assessing a client who requires home oxygen therapy. What criterion indicates that an oxygen concentrator will best meet the needs of the client in the home environment?
A nurse is performing a skin assessment on a recently admitted client. Which factor is the most important in planning care for the client?
Calculate the overall free energy change of the last reaction of glycolysis: Phosphoenolpyruvate + ADP --> pyruvate + ATP
Short Answer:  Please answer TWO questions of your choice in this section.  Your response should be brief and concise.  Use lists, bullets, phrases, or complete sentences as appropriate.  Make sure you include all relevant information and answer all parts of the question.   Both short answer questions that you answer are worth 5 points each.  DO NOT pay attention to the point values assigned by Canvas for these questions.  I will manually assign points to the two questions you answer.
Adam spent $10,000 on new equipment for his small business, "Adam's Fitness Studio." Membership at his fitness center is very low and at this rate, Adam needs an additional $12,000 per year to keep his studio open. Which of the following is true?
Determine whether the underlined portion of the statement is True or False.  The posterior root ganglion contains cell bodies of sensory neurons.
A physical therapist assistant employed in the school setting observes a 10 year old boy attempt to move from the floor to a standing position. During the activity the boy has to push up on his legs with his hands in order to obtain an upright position. This type of finding is MOST commonly associated with:
The client with a tracheostomy has the following order: Suction tracheostomy as needed. The nurse confirms the client's name and date of birth, and performs hand hygiene. The client's assessment includes: Oxygen at 50% via a tracheostomy collar. Oxygen saturation of 94% Breath sounds are coarse throughout. Which intervention should the nurse perform next?
Which tissue covers the outside surface of the heart? (Choose one answer)
The nurse has read in a client's admission record that the client has been taking propranolol for psychiatric, rather than medical reasons. The nurse should recognize that the client likely has a history of which mental health condition?
Binomial Probability If a couple plans to have three children, what is the probability that they will all three be girls?
An inert gas(X)  is placed into a sealed fixed volume vial.  If another gas (Y) is inserted, the pressure inside the flask will [a]. If the vial is heated, the pressure will [b]. The relationship between pressure and temperature (concerning the gas laws) is [c]
The reasons why Saul was rejected by God as king of Israel were
When there is a high inventory turnover, there is an increase in sales because:
