In corporate law, acts of a corporation that are beyond its express or implied powers are de facto acts.
When United Nations forces drew too close to the North Korean northern border at the Yalu River, which nation attacked them?
The diagram shows a cell from the palisade layer of a leaf.             Right-click on the button to open Question 3 Picture 1 in a new tab.
The market for fitness trackers is perfectly competitive and is currently in equilibrium. What will happen if fitness trackers become less popular due to concerns about user privacy?
You have been tasked to analyze the knee displacement of an Olympic Long Jumper. At  Position A , the knee obtains the coordinates of (55, 10) at 2 seconds for Position A, the coordinates of (67, 30) at 6 seconds at Position B, and the coordinates of (78,10) at Position C . What is the resultant vector and th between Points B and C?
Snake venom from some poisonous snakes often contain the enzyme phospholipase A2. Phospholipase A2 is a hydrolase that cleaves ester bonds (see figure below for site of cleavage site of a glycerophospholipid). Cleavage by phospholipase A2 generates the molecule arachidonate as one of the products, which causes tissue and cell damage and inflammation at the site of the snake bite. This damage and inflammation results because arachidonate can act as a detergent (i.e., disrupts cell membranes) and is also the precursor for one of the prostaglandins that initiates inflammation.   Which of the following will result if arachidonate is added to an aqueous solution above its critical concentration?
Regurgitation is the same thing as a heart murmur.
Pick one of the following prompts based off of The Gene: An Intimate History, clearly indicate which prompt was selected, and answer completely in the space provided below. 1) Why does the author describe a virus as "a professional gene carrier"? (Hint: What is a virus's structure and its function/purpose?) What particular trait/characteristic of the SV40 virus made it so interesting and useful to scientists Paul Berg and Peter Lobban? For what purpose / what kind of experiments did they use the SV40 virus? 2) The following quote is from The Gene: An Intimate History: "... Where might a scientist find enzymes that would cut and paste DNA? The answer, as so often in the history of genetics, came from the bacterial world." Describe these "cut and paste" enzymes that came from bacteria (i.e., why do bacteria have them? What are they called? How do they work?) Additionally, give one or two other examples (besides these "cut and paste" enzymes) of "answer[s]... in the history of genetics [that] came from the bacterial world." 3) Frederick Sanger first developed the ability to "read" a DNA sequence. However, he did not start out working with DNA, but rather, with proteins. What was the important protein that Sanger sequenced for which he won a Nobel Prize in 1958? Why was the process of determining a DNA sequence so different from determining a protein sequence - i.e., how did Sanger determine protein sequences, and how did he have to adapt his methods to sequence DNA? 4) In 1974, the "Berg letter" ran in Nature, Science, and Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, calling for a "moratorium" on certain experiments with recombinant DNA - specifically: "Don't put toxin genes into E. coli. Don't put drug-resistant genes into E. coli, and don't put cancer genes into E. coli" until regulations could be agreed upon and implemented. Explain the reasons behind this letter (what dangers were some scientists concerned about regarding recombinant DNA experiments?) and provide and briefly explain a current or more recent example of a similar situation in which the capabilities of genetic technology made a significant leap forward, leading to a call for scientists to voluntarily pause their research until after regulations could be agreed upon and established. 5) Discuss the Asilomar Conference of 1975 (Asilomar II): What were the arguments on each side regarding recombinant DNA technology and gene cloning? What was the outcome of this conference? What was so unique about this conference and its outcome? (Hint: The book compares it to the letter written by Albert Einstein and Leo Szilard warning President Roosevelt of the potential threat of Germany developing an atomic bomb, which led to the Manhattan project and eventual development of the atomic bomb by the U.S.) 6) What was the first human protein to be manufactured (and patented) using recombinant DNA technology? Why was this protein chosen for this first attempt? What was the second human protein that Genentech and Genetics Institute each raced to produce first? Why was there a need for this protein to be manufactured? 7) The Gene: An Intimate History lists four important ideas that Victor McKusick recognized by investigating and categorizing genetic diseases. List and briefly explain his four significant insights. 8) Compare and contrast neo-eugenics (or "newgenics") with the original concept of eugenics. How were the two concepts similar? What were some differences between them? What were some of the arguments posed by critics against newgenics? Additionally, briefly explain and discuss "negative eugenics" and "positive eugenics". 9) Briefly explain how Nancy Wexler and her colleagues identified the gene responsible for Huntington's disease. Why was Wexler interested in Huntington's disease in particular? Where did she go to investigate the disease, and why? How did this help in the identification of the gene? 10) List and briefly explain at least three of the motivations behind sequencing the entire human genome. Additionally, generally compare and contrast Craig Venter's methods and attempt to sequence the human genome at his company Celera with those of the Human Genome Project headed up by Francis Collins.
The nurse's ability to interpret communication effectively in the mental health setting depends mostly on:
Why are the testes located in the scrotum rather than in the body cavity?
Discrimination can be subtle (i.e., difficult to analyze or describe, implicit) but not overt (i.e., obvious, explicit).
According to Dr. Bernie Siegel, who used art therapy with his cancer patients, the color purple typically suggests:
to improve your cardiovascular fitness, you should exercise at least ___________ times per week.
Record of electrical activity of the brain
Procedural information that should be given to a patient in preparation for ambulatory surgery includes (Select all that apply)
Where is ciliated pseudostratified columnar epithelium found?
An offer must be communicated to the offeree in order for the offer to be effective.
An example for a density-independent limit to population growth is:
Which of the following characterizes a trait as an epigenetic trait? Select all that apply
What facilitates the accessibility of business-critical data in a timely, secure, and affordable manner?
