Antibodies help fight viruses by clumping antigens together through activating the classical complement pathway, or by initiating inflammation wherever the antigen is in the body.  Describe two additional ways in which antibodies can combat antigens.  Please present your answer as a bulleted list.
1. The parents of a child having a cardiac catheterization are waiting to see the child after the procedure. What should the nurse instruct the parents to expect when visiting the child for the first time?
Which of the following pH values is considered neutral (i.e., neither acidic nor basic)?
Consider these medications: carbamazepine, lamotrigine, gabapentin. Which medication below also belongs to this group?
If a client has a prosthesis, the practitioner should ask whether the client wants to remove it for the massage.
Zelda was diagnosed with brain edema (swelling). Her neurosurgeon ordered a concentration of intravenous fluid to draw water away from her brain cells. Which of the following intravenous fluids was prescribed?
The women's education movement in the mid-19th century fought for women's political and social equality.
A 4-year-old child tells the nurse that she does not want another blood sample drawn because, "I need all my insides and I don't want anyone taking them out." Which is the nurse's best interpretation of this?
The structural surface that supports the roofing system can include the following except...
Olivia is good at numbers and will take the sixth-grade state standardized math test in two days. She overhears her teacher say to another teacher that "boys tend to do better on these types of tests than girls." Olivia feels distraught after hearing the comment. She ends up failing the test most likely due to her experience of __________.
Within a couple of days, students should complete the course/instructor evaluations (see link in Announcements)? Hope you have found this course somewhat challenging but instructive.  Keep in mind that the letter grade calculator provided in a spreadsheet is the worst case scenario as it does not include any additional Exam 3 or final grade curves (nor extra credit).
A planet of mass [M]x1027 kg is orbited by a moon of mass [m]x10 22kg, if the moon has an angular velocity of [w] rad/s, what is the distance in meters between the center of mass of the moon and of the planet?
Name the specific vertebra you see below.
What is this instrument (at the arrow) coated with?
What is an antinomy?
3D printing is considered "green" because there is no dyeing or material waste.
Credit entries
*Saliva:
When a non-toxic species (like the king snake) exhibits the colors or patterns of a toxic species (like the coral snake), this is called:
You are working at the Pre-Health office and a student is doing a mock interview with you. Upon speaking to the student, you notice three things: she takes too long to answer one question, constantly uses the phrase "you know," when she's stuck, and in general is not having confidence as she looks down and fiddles with her thumbs as she speaks. What advice would you give this student to improve her communication skills?
