In college, most instructors expect that you have done the reading assignment before coming to class.
Write a negation for each statement.a.) [?] computer programs P, if P compiles without error messages, then P is correct.b.) [?] a movie m such that m is over 6 hours long.c.) [?] complex numbers x, [?] a complex number e such that xe = multiplicative identity.
In an attack known as ____, valid protocol packets exploit poorly configured DNS servers to inject false information to corrupt the servers' answers to routine DNS queries from other systems on that network.
A particle moves along a straight line with equation of motion   . The chart below shows the values of  at some particular moments.     (meters) 3 7 19 21    (seconds) 1 2 3 4    Find the average velocity on the interval  . Enter the your answer in the space provided. Work does not have to be shown.
Carbohydrates and lipids are protein sparing because they
5.1   Provide two differences between prokaryotes and eukaryotes.   (2)
EXTRA CREDIT: The figure below is a simplified phylogeny of the Animal Kingdom.  A. Which of the phyla shown above are invertebrates? (2.5 points) Additional Extra Credit B. Based on this phylogenetic tree, are invertebrates a monophyletic or a paraphyletic group? (1 point) C. What does your answer to Part B suggest about the reliability of only using morphological features to classify organisms? (1.5 points)
Using Black's classification, a pit and fissure on the occlusal surface of molars and premolars is considered a class _____ cavity.
Spinal nerves are classified as "mixed" nerves because____.
Which bacteria cause the majority of foodborne intoxication? Select the TWO answers that apply.
Which of the following is a consideration for inclusion for an individual with Autism Spectrum Disorder?
True or false: The maze procedure is a hybrid procedure.
Benefits of sociality include all of the following EXCEPT
DATE OF PROCEDURE:  MM/DD/YYYY   PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Left elbow cubital tunnel syndrome.   POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Left elbow cubital tunnel syndrome.   OPERATION PERFORMED: Left elbow ulnar nerve submuscular transposition.   SURGEON:  John Doe, MD   ANESTHESIA: General.   COMPLICATIONS: None.   INDICATIONS FOR PROCEDURE: The patient is a (XX)-year-old female with a long-standing history of cubital tunnel syndrome which has failed conservative treatment, including activity modifications, splinting and corticosteroid injection. Risks and benefits of submuscular left elbow ulnar nerve transposition were explained in detail to the patient and informed consent was obtained. The main risks included but were not limited to infection, nerve injury, bleeding complications, loss of elbow range of motion, strength and function; continued numbness and weakness in the hand; possible need for revision surgery and other anesthetic complications. The patient understood all these risks and wished to proceed with surgery.   DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURE: The patient was taken to the operating room and was placed in a supine position. The patient was administered general anesthesia. A tourniquet was placed over her left upper arm and she was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion. The extremity was exsanguinated with 300 mmHg pressure. A longitudinal incision was made slightly anterior to the medial epicondyle, extending in a curvilinear fashion both proximally and distally. It was kept above the medial epicondyle to avoid wound problems from the bony prominence. This incision was taken through the skin and subcutaneous tissue only. Careful scissors dissection was taken through the underlying soft tissues until the medial antebrachial cutaneous nerve was identified. As soon as the antebrachial cutaneous nerve was identified, this was dissected free from the surrounding soft tissues and a Penrose drain was placed around this nerve. The nerve was then retracted out of the operative field superiorly. Self-retraining retractor was then placed in the wound. Further dissection was taken to find the nerve superior to the cubital tunnel.   Once it was identified here, the nerve was followed along distally into the cubital tunnel. The nerve was completely freed up of all surrounding soft tissues proximally and into the cubital tunnel. The cubital tunnel was then slowly released. Distally, the ulnar nerve was carefully dissected to identify the branches to the flexor carpi ulnaris muscle. Once these nerve branches were identified, part of the flexor pronator muscle mass was incised to ensure that there was no compression of the nerve into the muscular area. The motor branches of the ulnar nerve were carefully protected throughout this release. With the ulnar nerve freely released from soft tissue, it was brought anteriorly and placed to a full range of motion to ensure that there was no constriction of the nerve throughout the course. A finger was placed superiorly and an Army-Navy retractor was placed to the superior border of the incision to ensure that there was no constriction of the nerve throughout, even beyond the plane of the dissection. The flexor pronator muscle group was then identified from the insertion on the medial epicondyle with a slight portion of the tendon left on the medial epicondyle for later repair.   Sharp dissection was used to divide the flexor pronator muscle group. This was then elevated from the underlying above structures with a Freer elevator. The ulnar nerve was then transposed to a submuscular location and the tendon was reapproximated with 4 horizontal mattress #2 Arthrex FiberWire sutures and an excellent repair of the tendon was ensured and the elbow was placed through a gentle range of motion to ensure that there was no compression of the ulnar nerve in the submuscular location. My fifth finger was also placed into the tunnel for the nerve and placed through a range of motion and there was no constriction or compression with full flexion or extension. A 2-0 Vicryl was then placed in the subcutaneous tissue followed by a running subcuticular 4-0 Monocryl suture. Sterile, Adaptic, 4 x 4's, Webril and a long-arm plaster splint was placed. Tourniquet was let down prior to placement of all dressings and there was no bleeding encountered and excellent hemostasis. Total tourniquet time was 46 minutes. The patient awoke from anesthesia without complications. She was transferred to the recovery room in stable condition. There were no problems to the nerve when checked in the recovery room.
Describe Albert Bandura's famous "Bobo Doll" experiment. (be specific). What was he trying prove as it relates to media and violence?
Much of the diversity of protists is a result of the variety of plastids they contain. These plastids are a result of:
Crossing over of chromosomes normally takes place during which of the following processes?
Which cells increase the permeability of blood vessels by releasing histamine?
The body of C2 is labeled _____.
The laws against plagiarism are the same whether copying content from a respected news source, a personal blog, or social media.
