A buffer is a solution
The delegates at the Texas (Republic) Constitutional Convention were
Which neurotransmitter is released by all neurons of the parasympathetic division of the ANS?
Write a JavaFX GUI program with file name LastnameFirstnameExam5.java that meets the following requirements and adheres to the layout included sketch.  Must set the title of the window to be "1331 Exam 5 - YOURNAME", where YOURNAME is replaced with your first and last name. Must include some non-editable text at the top to the window (not the title) with a short phrase of your choosing. Change the text font to either Georgia, Papyrus, Courier New, or Comic Sans MS; it cannot be the default font. Font size should be 12. Must include a plain Button.  The button must toggle the color of the short phrase between Color.BLACK and your favorite color.  Make sure this color is still visible in the UI (i.e. the color should be dark enough to be seen).   Must include one of the following shapes:  Circle, Rectangle, Polygon, Ellipse, or Arc. The shape can be a color of your choosing, but make sure this color is still visible in the UI (i.e. the color should be dark enough to be seen). Must include a select one-of-many button group to control the alignment of the shape displayed. There should be 3 alignment options for Top, Center, and Bottom.  Hint: StackPane has a setAlignment method. You may place this group beside or below the shape.  In order to actually see the alignment change you will need to ensure that your window/stage is large enough. So, you need to set the size of your stage to be large enough to see the change proportional to the the size of your shape. A good ratio is to make the window 3 times the width and height of the Shape. To do this you can use the following methods: stage.setMinWidth(X); and stage.setMinHeight(Y);   Must use a Spinner UI control that will control the scale of the shape.  The Spinner should have a minimum value of 0.1, maximum value of 2.0, initial value of 1.0, and a step amount (i.e. amount to step by) of 0.1 Hint: Make sure to set the scale of both the X and Y dimensions using setScaleX and setScaleY Another Hint: Look closely at Spinner's constructors to find one that allows for configuration of the min/max/init/step values on creation of the Spinner to make your life easier. Yet Another Hint: There are several ways to implement the event handling, we recommend using the setOnMouseClick method that is available to any Node   You must use at least one of the following children of Pane to control the layout of the Nodes: BorderPane, GridPane, HBox, or VBox. You must implement your event handling at least two of the three ways we taught: named inner class, anonymous inner class, and lambda expression.  For example, at least one handler as an anonymous inner class and at least one handler as a lambda expression. Failure to implement handlers in two different ways will result in the loss of points.   Points may be deducted if your layout deviates greatly from the one shown below. However, you do not need to have a border around the pane containing your shape nor around the shape itself. You may place the one-of-many button group below or beside the Shape.  YOUR SHOULD ONLY SUBMIT A SINGLE JAVA FILE. ENSURE THAT ANY OTHER CLASSES YOU INCLUDE EXIST WITHIN THE SAME FILE. IF YOUR SUBMITTED CODE DOES NOT COMPILE, YOU WILL RECEIVE A ZERO. SAVE, BACKUP, AND TEST OFTEN! The following is an example layout for your UI, but as long as you meet the requirements stated above the layout is flexible:
President Roosevelt's "court-packing plan" was a serious mistake because
Due to your export to Thailand, you have an account receivable in six months from today in the amount of 525.00 million in Thai Baht (TB).  The data that you have compiled are below.  In addition, you are told that for simplicity you should assume that the interest rate in each country is the same for borrowing or lending.    You would like to hedge the foreign exposure of this account.  Thai Baht (TB) is the currency of Thailand.   Spot rate: TB 32.72/$ Forward rate (six months): TB 34.30/$ U.S. prime rate: 3.2 percent (borrowing or lending). Prime rate is an interest rate. Thailand interest rate: 6.0 percent (borrowing or lending) The firm borrows and invests at the market rates.  Answer questions 1 through 6 based on the above information. If you use the option market, you will buy:
The nurse is caring for a client who is mechanically ventilated via an endotracheal tube. The nurse is hears a low pressure alarm and sees the patient remove their endotracheal tube and is not able to maintain their airway. What is the nurse's priority action?
You have just used a net to catch an animal...which of the following is NOT part of the net cleaning procedure?
Each of the women below is engaging in two activities simultaneously. Considering contemporary views of attention, identify the woman who should have the greatest difficulty doing both things at once.
Des ecologistes. Complete each sentence with the subjunctive of the verb in parentheses.  (Will, emotion, request and doubt)          1.   Cette association exige qu'on [rep1] (arreter) le deboisement.     2.   Elle declare: <<Nous voulons que nos forets [rep2] (avoir) une chance.>>     3.   Je doute que les arbres et plantes menaces [rep3] (etre) mieux proteges.     4.   La loi veut que nous ne [rep4] (developper) pas cette partie de la foret.     5.   Nous proposons que le sauvetage des habitats naturels [rep5] (devenir) une priorite.     6.   Nous sommes furieux que personne ne [rep6] (se sentir) directement responsable.     7.   Ces jeunes suggerent que nous [rep7] (s'occuper) du gaspillage.     8.   Il n'est pas certain que les gens [rep8] (recycler) leurs emballages en plastique.     9.   Ils ont peur que le probleme des ordures [rep9] (grossir) trop vite pour la planete.     10.   Il est douteux que leurs parents [rep10] (venir) a la reunion d'information.     11.   Ils voudraient que l'ecole [rep11] (mettre) des poubelles de recyclage dans les classes.     12.   Leurs professeurs sont fiers que ces jeunes [rep12] (s'interesser) autant a ce probleme.
Which one of the following defines a problem in the decision-making process?
A circular loop lies with its plane normal to a magnetic field given by
Unselfishness can become problematic if it is not metered out with reason.
A patient with known coronary disease as well as Type 2 diabetes has the following lipid panel:  LDL 128, HDL 30, and Triglycerides 208.  What should the first line treatment be?
At times the sublingual duct opens through the same opening as the submandibular duct, this common duct is the called which of the following?
Au studio de Degas, nous avons vu les materiaux (masculin). Degas a fait des peintures avec les materiaux.
What was the "Johnson Treatment"?
The primary function of the American Health Information Management Association is __________.
Which of the following methods of system development stresses intense team-based effort and reflects a set of community-based values?
Under the least squares assumptions for the multiple regression problem (zero conditional mean for the error term, all Xi and Yi being i.i.d., all Xi and ui having finite fourth moments, no perfect multicollinearity), the OLS estimators for the slopes and intercept
