Find the indicated probability.You roll two fair dice. Let E be the event that an even total shows on the dice. Let F be the event that a two shows on at least one of the dice. Find P(F) and P(F|E).
Which of the following types of signals is being used when a honeybee does a waggle dance to alert other worker bees to a food source?
Translate: en o kai eklerothemen prooristhentes kata prothesin tou ta panta energountos kata ten boulen tou thelematos autou eis to einai emas eis epainon doxes autou tous proelpikotas en to Khristo. en o kai umeis akousantes ton logon tes aletheias.
Multiple Choice: Solve the system of equations using the graphing calculator. If the system is consistent/independent write your answer as (x,y,z).  If the system is consistent/dependent write your answer as an ordered triple using only variable z. If the system is inconsistent write "no solution".     2x - y + 5z =  -7  x + y - 2z = -2 x - y + 4z  =  8
Historically, 20% of flights from major carrier arrive at the designation late.  A frequent flyer takes 14 flights in the month of May.  What is the probability that the exactly 2 of the flights were late?
Meanings beyond concrete ones
A 55-year-old male with a past medical history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and obesity presents to the outpatient internal medicine clinic with a 3-day history of fatigue and decreased exercise tolerance. He used to be able to walk 2 blocks without shortness of breath, but now he gets winded even walking in from the parking garage. He feels as though his heart is beating fast but denies palpitations. He has no chest pain, dizziness, visual changes, edema, or orthopnea. His medications include chlorthalidone,lovastatin, and aspirin. On physical examination, his blood pressure is 120/60 mm Hg, pulse is 100 bpm, respiratory rate is 16/min, and pulse oximetry is 96% on room air. He is alert and answers questions appropriately. His lungs are clear to auscultation. His cardiac examination reveals an irregularly irregular rhythm that is tachycardic. Extremities reveal no edema. EKG is shown. What is your diagnosis?
A ganglion is a swelling along a nerve containing the cell bodies of CNS neurons.
The rehabilitation nurse is working with a patient to regain bowel continence after a stroke. Which intervention will the nurse include as part of the patient's bowel training program?
Identify the muscle indicated by the arrow from #37.
If an object is 50 cm from a -8.00 lens which is separated by 20cm from a +13.33 lens and the light is incident to the object what are the characteristics of the system?
A patient has taken perphenazine (Prolixin) for a year. The nurse administering the next prescribed dose observes facial twitching and abnormal tongue movements. Which nursing intervention has priority?
The heat transfer mechanism that requires the movement of material is ________.
Which of the following is NOT a function of platelets in hemostasis?
Which part of your brain is responsible for regulating blood pressure, heart rate and respirations?
El subjuntivo: volicion. Conjugate the verb correctly in the subjunctive or leave it in the infinitive when necessary.  Necesito que mi madre [a1] (ir) al medico conmigo. Quieres [a2] (hacer) muchos deportes. El insiste en que sus hijos [a3] (portarse)   Sugerimos que tu [a4] (estar) tranquilo. Ellos prefieren [a5] (viajar) durante el invierno.
The SI unit for the Quantity of radiation is
In no more than five sentences, describe the molecular basis of resistance for RoundUp Ready crops and how that led to the RoundUp being the most dominant pesticide on the global market. Note: I do not expect you to reproduce the target biochemical pathway. Only the name of the pathway, what it is responsible for, and how RoundUp takes advantage of that pathway.
Identify the specific organ shown in the slide above (#18).
The Shakers adopted a system of "complex marriage" among its members
