On a science test, the class average was 72% with a standard deviation of 3%.  On a math test, the class average was 70% with a standard deviation of 5%.  You scored 78% on both tests.    a.  Which test was better compared to your peers?     b. Can you say anything about what percent of your class scored between 66% and 78% on the science test?  Explain how you know this.  c.  If you were told that the scores on the math test were normally distributed and that there were 50 people who took the math test, how many of them scored between 60 and 80%?  Explain how you know this.   Be sure to answer all three parts of the question.  Explain the math you did to get your answers.
Which of the following are considered to be extremophiles due to the habitats they exist in?
Mozart was born in this mountain town where his father played violin in the archbishop's private orchestra.
the aril around this ginkgo seed is
Please provided the chemical symbol for the element this orbital diagram represents.
What is it called when lithospheric plates contact and slide along each other but do not destroy each other?
Like magazine and journal articles, most documents posted on the Internet have been subjected to close editorial review.
Maggie is an OTA and is supervised by Jim. Every morning Jim expects her to print out his schedule for the day and fill his mug with his morning coffee. Maggie in this case is being treated as ....
This philosopher of ancient Greece encouraged critical thinking instead of emphasizing being an obedient citizen.
An equipment is bought for $45,000 and has a salvage value of $600 at the end of 4 years. Find the Book Value at the end of 4 years using SOYD depreciation.
Increasing levels of thyroid hormones decrease TSH levels. This is an example of
The superior vena cava is the largest artery in the body.
According to Herodotus, in the debate among the Iranian leaders, Darius defended what kind of government?
HR practices should focus most heavily on reducing:
What smaller cavity within the thoracic cavity houses the heart, great blood vessels, esophagus, and trachea?
Multiply in base five:  14five [?] 21five
The equation of a vertical line that goes through the point (-2, 7) is [l].
In the beginning of the interview you should have a goal to establish rapport.
Poetry that is without regular meter and rhyme is referred to as what?
What type of air mas in influencing the weather at location A?
