When writing this exam, I attempted to effectively cover material that we have learned in the second part of this quarter. But with the limitations of a 2 hour exam, you have assuredly studied and learned a lot more than I could possibly cover in this exam! Please consider any single topic you learned about that I didn't ask you about on this exam, name the topic, and then carefully explain that topic here. If you can't think of anything you studied that I didn't cover, or you think I covered everything, please instead just pick any topic you learned about and explain it to me. Write at least a short paragraph (minimum 4-5 sentences), although you may go longer. Please do not just list names of multiple topics, or just tell me you found [name of topic] to be really interesting. You may tell me [name of topic] was really interesting, but you must demonstrate to me that you learned about and understand the topic by explaining to me how it works. Relax, and please don't stress - this is your chance to choose your own topic/question and show me you learned something from this course by telling me about it - i.e., this is meant to be a very gentle last question on this exam! :)
Eustress is also known as
Which is the priority assessment to be documented prior to administering a blood product to a patient?
Which zygapophyseal joints are demonstrated on the AP oblique projection (LPO/RPO) of the lumbar spine?
Which of the following is the MOST effective treatment for mitochondrial disorders at the current time?
By which method can large substances (e.g. insulin) cross the endothelial cells and exit a continuous capillary?
The nurse is providing teaching to a client who has a new prescription for Tamoxifen to treat breast cancer. What finding does the nurse educate is an adverse effect of this medication?
Match the following sentences with the appropriate words. Note each word can only be used once. Three words are not needed. Word List: attribute   aware   consequently   diversity   domain   dominate   element   impact   isolated   occupied   period   release   reluctant   role   statistics
Which operating systems are allowable as virtual machines?  Select the best answer.
In the diagram of the Nephron what does the number "7" represent?
The amount you would have left if all assets were sold and all debts were paid in full is called your
You are creating a database for an animal shelter. Your current schema for saving information about each animal and its favorite foods is shown below. The arrows represent dependencies. For example, the animal type determines the animal's size.     Why isn't the schema in Second Normal Form? (Choose one)
The lac operon is always on.
The formation of communities such as Chinatowns, Little Italys, and Little Havanas is an example of:
According to our readings, what does ROE stand for?
As children grow from preschoolers to adolescents, their self-concepts become
Calculate the percentage by mass of carbon in CO2.
Intrusive igneous rocks are often coarse-grained because ________.
Jane and Walt form Yellow Corporation. Jane transfers equipment worth $950,000 (basis of $200,000) and cash of $50,000 to Yellow Corporation for 50% of its stock. Walt transfers a building and land worth $1,050,000 (basis of $400,000) for 50% of Yellow's stock and $50,000 in cash.
A client who has hepatic encephalopathy is receiving lactulose. Which assessment finding would indicate to the nurse that the medication is effective?
