Term for the reactant molecule(s) in an enzymatic reaction Word Bank: acid activation energy active site allosteric site amination amino acid amphibolic anion antiport apoenzyme bacteriology base buffer catalase cation deamination decomposition disaccharide electronegativity endergonic endospore etiology exchange endergonic exergonic fermentation fimbriae flavin adenine dinucleotide (FADH2) glycocalyces group translocation holoenzyme hydrogen bond hydrophilic hydrophobic hypertonic hypotonic immunology inclusions ionic bond isotonic lysosome monosaccharide mycology nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NADH) non-polar nucleotide oxidation oxidative phosphorylation parasitology pentose phosphate pathway peroxisome phagocytosis phospholipids photophosphorylation phycology pilli (conjugation pili) pinocytosis polar polypeptide polysaccharide protozoology reduction rough ER serology smooth ER steroid symport substrate substrate level phosphorylation synthesis reaction trace elements transamination triglycerides uniport virology
Write a Python program to calculate the tax for a bill and its total  You MUST use functions (including main) You MUST prompt for the subtotal and tax rate in main You MUST have one function in addition to main. It MUST return both the amount of tax due and total for the bill  For example, if the user enters 2.50 for the subtotal and 10 for the tax rate, then 10% of 2.50 is 0.25 which are the taxes due And then the total will be 2.75 which is 2.50 plus 0.25   You MUST have main print the subtotal, tax amount, and total Notice that there is no space between the $ and the amounts printed You MUST place the prompt strings in a tuple. Then use elements of that tuple in your input statement  The tuple will contain the strings:     subtotal?  tax rate?   Sample Run #1 (bold, underlined text is what the user types): subtotal? 2.50tax rate? 10Subtotal $2.5+ Tax $0.25Total Due $2.75 Pay close attention to your indentation when you are entering your answer!  Ch01_to_Ch03_Programs.pdf Ch04_to_Ch07_Programs.pdf
What breath sounds are the most common with asthma?
PROPORTIONAL REPRESENTATION allows for
Which group within the SAR supergroup have a "hairy" flagellum paired with a "smooth" flagellum
When melting CaCl2, [forces] must be overcome and CaCl2 is expected to have a melting point [rank1] than P4. Additionally, CaCl2 has a [rank2] melting point than MgCl2.
A ray starts at a point and then continues forever in one direction through another point.
Determine bulk density, particle density, and porosity of a soil. The following parameters are: cylinder height 6.5 cm, inner diameter of the cylinder 8.0 cm, and dry weight of the soil 500 g.
Replication occurs in which stage of meiosis.
Defects in the subsequent offspring of the recipient of radiation are called ______________ effects.
In a charged couple device (CCD), the number of electron/hole pairs relate to the amount of:
CO2 enters the inner the inner spaces of the leaf through the
Please match the following NSAIDS to their correct brand names.
Franz Boas (1858-1942) rejected unilineal cultural evolution, instead suggesting that different cultures arise as the result of very different causes and will vary widely. What do we call his approach?
Collecting personal, dental, and health history information pertains to which standard for delivery of dental hygiene care as defined by the ADHA Standards for Clinical Dental Hygiene Practice?
Medication that is commonly used to increase urine output is:
In order to enter the photo into evidence, what must occur?
PLEASE PROVIDE THREE SHORT AND CONCISE STATEMENT LABELED AS A, B, and C In a situation of high serum (blood) levels of phosphorus, what three specific actions that the body takes to normalize or bring about phosphorus homeostasis (focus on hormone, enzyme, and tissue/organ actions in your three response statements).
The [blank1] property of [blank2] is illustrated by the following problem: "Minnie Mouse's living room is 12 feet by 16 feet. Daisy Duck's living room is 16 feet by 12 feet. Which living room is bigger?"
According to Graham's Law, which of the following gases would diffuse the slowest?
