2. The next thing I really want to hit is the ton of really awesome cinematography that shouts its presence in this scene.
Which of the following is NOT an effect of testosterone on males?
Memory aids that rely on environmental resources, such as notebooks or calendars, are known as
According to your textbook, the credibility of a speaker at the end of the speech is called ____________ credibility.
On what grounds did Louis Brandeis defend the ten-hour work limit for female laundry workers in the case of Muller v. Oregon in 1908?
A person with type A blood should receive a transfusion from a person with which blood type?
Solve. Try factoring first. If factoring is not possible or is difficult, use the quadratic formula.5n2 = -8n - 2
A philosophe may be defined as an individual who was a(n)
Stream velocity is faster in a
The renal corpuscle is made up of ______.
Use the prime factorization method to find the greatest common divisor of the following set of numbers. 104 and 182
The alpha-helix is an example of:
Cell mediated immunity is provided by
What is special about primate societies and social behavior?
An employer has a policy in which it tries to correct an employee's negative behavior or poor performance on the job by providing the employee a fixed number of chances to improve his or her behavior. The employee is terminated only after all attempts have failed to improve his or her behavior. The policy is called _____.
Identify the three diseases associated with the DTaP vaccine.
Which letter marks the left ventricle?
How do the epistles function in connection with the overall design of the NT?
The most common fingerprint pattern is
1.  (9 pts. - 3 pts. each) What do the following lease clauses obligate the lessee and/or allow the lessor to do? a.  Nondisturbance clause b.  Signage clause c.  Cotenancy clause   2.  (4 pts.) Do lower market capitalization rates correspond to higher or lower property values?  What are two things that might cause capitalization rates to decrease?   3.  a.  (4 pts.)      Distinguish between investment value and market value.      b.  (4 pts.)      Distinguish between cap rates and yield rates.   4.  a.  (3 pts.)      Based on the material covered and the problems worked, why might a real estate investor choose to take out a mortgage on a property even if they have sufficient cash available to buy the property outright?      b.  (3 pts.) Why does our analysis of real estate investments often stop at before-tax cash flows, rather than continuing to after-tax cash flows?   5.  a.  (3 pts.)      Define the term load factor, including what it is used for.      b.  (4 pts.)      You lease 1,800 square feet of retail space.  You enter into a percentage lease with a base rent of $32/sq. ft. and an overage of 6% of the prior year's annual sales above $1,500,000.  Last year's sales were $2,100,000.  How much rent per square foot do you owe in the coming year?   6.  (5 pts.) Your company is faced with analyzing several possible lease structures, and you are trying to decide how best to approach the problem.  The lease is for 2,000 square feet and will last for 4 years.  You suggest computing the effective rent for each possible structure.  Your boss is not familiar with the calculation, so she asks you to illustrate using the first of the possible leases.  She tells you to assume a 12% discount rate if needed. The first lease is a gross lease with a step up feature.  The rent per square foot starts at $27 and steps up by $1.50 each year.  Operating expenses start at $9.50/sq. ft. and increase by $0.75 each year.   7.  (20 pts.) You are considering developing a 350,000 square foot neighborhood shopping center.  Construction costs will be $111 per square foot.  The site is 28 acres, with a cost of $275,000 per acre.  There are two anchor tenants, both of whom are credit tenants.  The first anchor tenant is a regional grocery store that has agreed to a long-term lease at a fixed price of $10.50 per square foot per year on 80,000 square feet of space.  The second anchor tenant is a national department store that has agreed to a long-term lease at a fixed price of $9.00 per square foot per year on 120,000 square feet of space.  Specialty tenants are expected to lease the remaining 150,000 square feet of space at $38.50 per square foot per year.  Specialty tenant rents are expected to grow at 4% per year.  Vacancy rates are expected to be 12% in year 1 and 4% thereafter.  Collection losses average 1% of PGI.  Operating costs are estimated at $5.50 per square foot in year 1, and they will grow at 3% per year.  Property taxes are $40 per one thousand dollars of assessed value (which is based initially on the cost of the project), and they will not change over the first three years of the project's life.  Depreciation is via the straight-line method over 39 years.  The applicable corporate income tax rate is 25%.  The project is financed with a 65% LTV loan at 6.5% interest amortized over 30 years with a balloon payment due at the end of year 10.  Compute before- and after-tax cash flows for year 1.   8.  (13 pts.) You are currently in year 5 of an initial 5-year holding period.  You are considering whether to sell the property as planned at the end of the year or keep the property for an additional 5 years.  The current year (i.e. year 5) NOI is $1,435,000 and you expect the NOI to grow at 6% per year.  The appropriate cap rate is 5.5%.  The property was purchased for $20,000,000 and was initially financed with a loan for $12,000,000 over 25 years at 7.5%.  Of that initial purchase price, $2,000,000 was attributable to land cost.  Depreciation is via the straight-line method over 39 years, and expected selling expenses are 4% of the selling price.  The capital gains tax rate is 15%.  Compute the before- and after-tax equity reversion if you sell the property at the end of the current year (i.e. year 5) as planned.   9.  (13 pts.) You are estimating the value of a 125,000 sq.ft. multi-tenant office building.  Currently, the only occupant of the building is a large credit tenant occupying 95,000 sq.ft.  This tenant is very near the end of their initial 10-year term, but they have a 10-year renewal option.  If the tenant renews, they will pay a rental rate of $35 per sq.ft. over the next year.  If the tenant does not renew, you would be able to lease all available space in the building at the current market rent of $38 per sq.ft.  If the tenant does not renew, you have another credit tenant lined up to lease all 95,000 sq. ft. of space.  At present, there is 30,000 sq.ft. of vacant space in the building, which is expected to be leased in the next 30 days.  There is a surface lot that conveys with the building, which brings in an additional $220,000 in income per year unrelated to the occupancy level of the attached office building.  The current vacancy rate for similar properties in the area is 5%, and collection losses for non-credit tenants averages about 1% of expected income.  Lease terms state that the landlord is responsible for all operating expenses.  The property management company charges 5% of Effective Gross Income, and all other operating expenses are expected to be $18.00 per sq. ft.  If the tenant renews, then the appropriate capitalization rate, based on comparable sales in the marketplace, should be 5.5%.  If the tenant does not renew, then the appropriate capitalization rate should be 6.5%.   a.  What is the fee simple value of this property? b.  Using the value from part a, how much is the property selling for per square foot?
