Directions: The  following email from a French-speaker in Brussels will be used for the 11 reading comprehension questions on this exam. It will be repeated for each question, but it is the same email. Read the email and use the footnotes to help you navigate the passage. Should you get stuck on a word, come back to it! Keep reading and try to figure out the meaning from context, based on the French that you already know. Then, answer the comprehension question in English below the passage.  ---- Salut ! Tu vas bien ? Je suis en forme ici a Bruxelles. Les fetes1 viennent bientot et mon beau-frere vient ce week-end ! C'est le fils du premier mariage de ma mere. Nous allons visiter des musees en ville2. Mon beau-frere, a vingt-trois ans et il est grand et mince. Pas comme moi ! Il s'entraine souvent mais il ne voyage pas beaucoup, alors c'est une semaine speciale. Ma grand-mere a quatre-vingt-six ans mais elle est toujours tres active. Elle se leve tres tot le matin et elle fait la cuisine pour toute la famille. Physiquement, elle est plutot comme moi : rousse et forte, et elle s'habille tres bien. Il fait mauvais ici a Bruxelles : le ciel est couvert et il pleut beaucoup. En general, il ne fait pas beau en hiver, donc c'est une bonne saison pour inviter des amis a manger. Qu'est-ce que tu vas faire pour les fetes ? Tu vas venir en Belgique ? Passe un petit << coucou >>3 a ta mere pour moi ! Je t'embrasse tres fort, Dominique --- 1 par exemple, les celebrations religieuses et non religieuses en decembre et janvier 2 downtown 3 give a little hello (between close friends)QUESTION: Give a description of Dominique's grandmother (2 traits IN ENGLISH). (2 pts.)
The Groth rape typology is _____ based whereas the MTC rape typology is _____ based.
When Sally leaves the bathroom floor wet after her shower, her mother makes her mop it up and then mop the rest of the house too. This is an example of ______.
You are on a stand-by at a local high school football game. One of the football players comes over to the ambulance and complains that his face feels numb and that he has a burning sensation in his fingers. You notice that the patient's cheeks and fingers are bright red. How should you treat the patient?
In endochondral ossification, the precursor connective tissue is __________, which is replaced by bone.
Friendships reach their peak of functional significance during _____.
unusually rapid drops in sea level
Match each infinitive verb with its object.
This sculpting process involves adding a liquid or pliable material to a mold.
Match each ion with the appropriate phase of the action potential:
1.2    Study the food web below and answer the questions that follow.    CLICK ON THE BUTTON BELOW TO VIEW THE FOOD WEB.
Select the common side-effects of epidural anesthesia.  Select all that apply.
Emotion and motivation are functionally connected in that:
The term osteoid refers to the organic part of the matrix of compact bones without mineralization.
Which microscope is used to see internal structures of living cells?
A six-month-old comes in for her well baby examination. Her father reports that she seems irritable, is not eating well and seems to tire easily. The nurse practitioner notes that her weight has not increased much since her last visit. On physical exam, the nurse practitioner notes that the baby's temperature is 98.8oF, heart rate: 205, and respirations 72/minute. On physical exam, the nurse practitioner notes that the baby's liver seems  mildly enlarged. What abnormality should the nurse practitioner suspect?
Identify the alkyl halide that reacts the fastest in an SN1 reaction.
Which one of the following has more neutrons than protons?
Those who are unemployed due to tough economic conditions fall under what type of unemployment?
What is the name of this specimen ? (rock name) Hardness = 2
