The following clients are assigned to a nurse's care.  Which client is the most likely candidate for developing acute renal failure?
A 30-year-old woman is admitted to the emergency room. Her husband, who rode in the ambulance with her, said that she had suddenly complained of severe pain in the right iliac region of her abdomen and then had collapsed. Upon examination, she was shown to have signs of internal hemorrhage and her abdominal muscles were rigid. Her menstrual history revealed that she had missed her last menstrual period. A diagnosis of ruptured tubal, or ectopic, pregnancy was made and surgery scheduled. What is an ectopic pregnancy, and why is it problematic?
Name the U.S. war between the North and the South.
Examine the pedigree above, where individuals that have the genetic condition being tested are marked with filled squares or circles.  Which of the following inheritance patterns is most likely correct for this condition?
Which is not a function of the spleen?
Which of the following is the primary mode of regulation for the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex?
The number of intermediaries between the product (or manufacturer) and the consumer is referred to as _____.
Babies with Fetal Alcohol Syndrome have very large heads.
A needle-localization procedure may be performed in radiology for assistance in locating discrete masses in the:
It takes 15.5 kJ of energy to raise the temperature of 200 g of benzene from 25.0degC to 70.0degC. What is the specific heat of benzene?
Which of the following choices represents the correct order of events that occur in endochondral ossification in long bones of the limbs? I.    Primary ossification centers develop in the shaft or diaphysis II.   Epiphyseal plates disappearIII.  Endochondral ossification progresses toward the ends of the hyaline cartilaginous model IV.  Ossification centers arise in the epiphyses
Use the four-step method in problem solving to solve the problem.A college cafeteria pays student cashiers $5.60 per hour. Cashiers earn an additional $1.20 per hour for each hour worked over 35 hours per week. A cashier worked 40 hours one week and 39 hours the second week. How much did this cashier earn in this two-week period?
Required inventory levels are not part of the safety data sheets.
A client with polycythemia vera has an enlarged spleen. Which nursing action is most important to prevent the formation of blood clots in the client?
How would you know it is time to change the growth media in a cell culture dish?
Select the phaneritic rock which is composed mainly of quartz and potassium feldspar from the list below.
What vitamin is involved intensively in amino acid metabolism?
The nurse is performing an assessment of the patient's sleep patterns. Which question by the nurse will elicit the best response?
Application-Level Multiple-Choice Items   What is the best beverage choice?
Initial treatment for tetanus in a fully immunized person with a puncture wound is
