The Constance Corporation's inventory at December 31, 20X8, was $125,000 (at cost) based on a physical count of inventory on hand, before any necessary adjustment for the following: Merchandise costing $15,000, shipped f.o.b. shipping point from a vendor on December 27, 20X8, was received by Constance on January 5, 20X9 (this inventory was not included in the physical count of inventory). Merchandise costing $45,000 was shipped to a customer f.o.b. shipping point on December 28, 20X8, arrived at the customer's location on January 6, 20X9 (this inventory was not included in the physical count of inventory). Merchandise costing $21,000 was being held on hand for Jess Company on consignment (this inventory was included in the physical count of inventory). What amount should Constance Corporation report as inventory in its December 31, 20X8, balance sheet?
Name the bones in the red circle.
Examine the graph below and determine the independent variable?
Why is HIV referred to as a retrovirus?
A researcher is interested in the changing nature of sex roles in contemporary society.  If she were to employ an archival analysis, what would she be most likely to do?
Which of the following is a part of the brain that maintains balance and motor coordination?
Damage to the medulla oblongata can result in death because ________.
The type of cancer that is often diagnosed because of its paraneoplastic manifestation is:
Which of the following is an example of a physical weathering process?
As slavery spread in the South,
The Finnish government is working to change the perception of older workers and encourage Finnish companies to abandon mandatory retirement plans. What kind of surface-level diversity is the Finnish government hoping to achieve?
Which classic theory of motivation explains our actions as primarily motivated by external rewards that pull us toward achieving goals?
Use a Venn diagram to determine if (A
Maximum Sustainable Yield Curve, based on the Logistic Equation of Population Growth
Read the following selection from "College Has Its Own Language and Customs." Then, based on your reading of the selection, choose the most appropriate answer to the question that follows the selection. You may be asked additional questions about the same passage. College Has Its Own Language and Customs Going to college--even if you are not far from home--is a cultural experience. It comes with its own language and customs, some of which can be confusing or confounding at first. Just like traveling to a foreign country, it is best if you prepare by learning what words mean and what you are expected to say and do in certain situations. Let's first start with the language you may encounter. In most cases, there will be words that you have heard before, but they may have different meanings in a college setting. Take, for instance, "office hours." If you are not in college, you would think that it means the hours of a day that an office is open. If it is your dentist's office, it may mean Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. In college, "office hours" can refer to the specific hours a professor is in her office to meet with students, and those hours may be only a few each day: for example, Mondays and Wednesdays from 1 p.m. until 3 p.m. "Syllabus" is another word that you may not have encountered, but it is one you will soon know very well. A syllabus is often called the "contract of the course" because it contains information about what to expect--from the professor and the student. It is meant to be a roadmap for succeeding in the class. Understanding that office hours are for you to ask your professor questions and the syllabus is the guide for what you will be doing in the class can make a big difference in your transition to college. The table on Common College Terms, has a brief list of other words that you will want to know when you hear them on campus. Common College Terms, What They Mean, and Why You Need to Know     Term   What It Means   Why You Need to Know       Attendance policy   A policy that describes the attendance and absence expectations for a class   Professors will have different attendance expectations. Read your syllabus to determine which ones penalize you if you miss too many classes.     Final exam   A comprehensive assessment that is given at the end of a term   If your class has a final exam, you will want to prepare for it well in advance by reading assigned material, taking good notes, reviewing previous tests and assignments, and studying.     Learning   The process of acquiring knowledge   In college, most learning happens outside the classroom. Your professor will only cover the main ideas or the most challenging material in class. The rest of the learning will happen on your own.     Office hours   Specific hours professor is in the office to meet with students   Visiting your professor during office hours is a good way to get questions answered and to build rapport.     Plagiarism   Using someone's words, images, or ideas as your own, without proper attribution   Plagiarism carries much more serious consequences in college, so it is best to speak to your professor about how to avoid it and review your student handbook's policy.     Study   The process of using learning strategies to understand and recall information   Studying in college may look different than studying in high school in that it may take more effort and more time to learn more complex material.     Syllabus   The contract of a course that provides information about course expectations and policies   The syllabus will provide valuable information that your professor will assume you have read and understood. Refer to it first when you have a question about the course.       Attribution:Access for free at https://openstax.org/books/college-success/pages/1-introduction Taken from Baldwin, Amy. "1.3 College Culture and Expectations." College Success, OpenStax, 2020. https://openstax.org/books/college-success/pages/1-3-college-culture-and-expectations.   True/False Question: Visiting your professor during office hours is not a good way to get questions answered and to build rapport.
25.  Effector/ Efferent neurons are
Which of the following represents the correct formula for calcium phosphate?
Sitake's inventory on December 31, 2019, was $425,000 based on a physical inventory count priced at cost, before any necessary adjustment for the following items:# Merchandise costing $30,000, shipped f.o.b. shipping point from a vendor on December 30, 2019, was received on January 5, 2020.# Merchandise costing $32,000, shipped f.o.b. destination from a vendor on December 28, 2019, was received on January 3, 2020.# Merchandise costing $38,000 was shipped to a customer f.o.b. destination on December 28, 2019 arrived at the customer's location on January 6, 2020.# Merchandise costing $22,000 was being held on consignment by Grimes Company.What amount should Sitake report as inventory in its December 31, 2019, balance sheet?
Find the derivative. p =
What is object permanence?  Why is it important in the cognitive development of a baby? What do you think its purpose is?  In other words, what is it preparing the baby to be able to do later?  (This last part was not discussed.  I want you to "think" of how this major milestone prepares the baby to be able to do another major milestone coming up.)
