An ultrasound of the gallbladder is scheduled for the client with a suspected diagnosis of cholecystitis. The nurse explains to the client that this test:
Organic farms are only allowed to market produce locally (within 500 miles).
(6 pts.)  In class, we discussed several characteristics specific to Adjustable Rate Mortgages.  Define the following ARM characteristics: payment caps and teaser rates.  Your discussion should address, among other things, how these characteristics affect risk-sharing between the lender and the borrower.    a. (2 pts.)       What is the most common trigger for residential mortgage refinance?      b.  (4 pts.)      Describe the problem that ARMs were introduced to address.      c.  (6 pts.)      In non-technical terms, what do all the pieces of this loan description mean: a fully-amortizing 3/1 hybrid ARM that is interest-only for the first seven years, is indexed to LIBOR plus 2%, and has a 1/5 interest rate cap.    (6 pts.)  Suppose you took out an 80% LTV loan exactly 14 years ago to purchase a $542,000 home.  The loan was for 30 years with monthly payments.  The loan has a fixed contract rate of 5.5%, but current market rates have risen to 7.75%.  If the lender offers to forgive $25,000 of your outstanding balance, what would be the rate of return to you if you take their offer?    (12 pts.)  Suppose a home buyer is faced with two options to finance his $319,000 home purchase.  Option 1 is a 70% LTV loan at 1.95% for 15 years with monthly payments.  Option 2 is a 90% LTV loan at 3.25% for 30 years with monthly payments.  The lender quotes 2 discount points with Option 1 and 1 discount point with Option 2.  The lender also quotes a 1% origination fee for both loans.  Finally, the lender quotes a 4% prepayment penalty for both loans.  Assuming the buyer intends to sell the home and repay the loan after 11 years, what is the incremental borrowing cost of the extra financing obtained if Option 2 is selected?    (9 pts.)  Suppose a lender is offering an 80% LTV loan on a $197,000 home with monthly payments over 30 years at 7% interest.  The seller wishes to buy the rate down to 5% for the first three years and then to 6% for the next two years.  How much will the seller have to pay the lender to achieve the desired rate buydown?    (10 pts.)  Compute the payment for year 3 for the following adjustable rate mortgage.  The loan has an annual adjustment period, is indexed to the one-year Treasury Bill, and carries a margin of 1.5%.  The original composite rate was not a teaser and was equal to 4%.  The one-year T-bill rate had decreased 0.75% at the start of year 2 and had decreased an additional 0.5% at the start of year 3.  The loan was 80% loan-to-value on a property worth $260,000, and it was fully amortizing over a term of 30 years.    (15 pts.)  Suppose a home buyer took out a 75% LTV loan 9 years ago to purchase a $680,000 home at a fixed interest rate of 6% amortized over 30 years with monthly payments.  This loan had 3 discount points, a 1% origination fee, and a 4% prepayment penalty associated with it.  The owner is thinking about refinancing and has decided to pay any costs incurred in the process out of her pocket.  The loan-to-value ratio on the new loan is not a concern, since home prices in the area have been increasing steadily.  The best rate currently available is 2.25% for 30 years with monthly payments.  This new loan has a 0.5% origination fee, 3 discount points, and a 5% prepayment penalty.  Assuming the owner intends to remain in the home for 10 more years, what would be the return on this refinancing venture?    (20 pts.)  Eight years ago, you took out an 80% LTV FRM on a $310,000 home at 6% over 30 years with monthly payments.  You were fortunate in picking the location of the home, as appreciation has averaged 4% per year over the past 8 years.  You are finally finishing school at Auburn University and wish to sell your home.  The potential buyer wishes to assume your outstanding loan with no costs for doing so, but does not have the cash that would be required to pay you the difference between your current loan balance and the price of the home.  Therefore, the buyer will be seeking a second mortgage to fill the gap.  The second mortgage lender is willing to lend an amount that will make the total debt outstanding against the home equal 85% of the value of the home.  The terms of this second mortgage are 10% interest amortized over 15 years with monthly payments, a 1% origination fee, and 4 points.  The potential buyer knows you are a financial whiz because you won't stop bragging about how much you learned in your real estate classes at Auburn.  She asks you to compute how much the assumption of your mortgage plus taking the second mortgage would really cost her in percentage terms.  In other words, what would be the effective rate on this combined loan?  You find out that she has the cash available for the 15% down payment, that neither lender will require mortgage insurance for this creative financing arrangement, and that neither loan has a prepayment penalty.  She also tells you she expects to stay in the home for 12 years.  What answer do you give her?
21.  Cliffy and Muffy now have party invitations addressed to both of them (versus Muffy plus guest). Their friends have started to refer to them as CliffMuff.  These are  signs that Cliffy and Muffy are in which stage of Mark Knapp's relational development?
Several hours into labor, a woman complains of dizziness, numbness of her nose and around her mouth, and tingling of her hands and feet.  What does the nurse recognize these symptoms signify?
An older adult male complains of difficulty starting to urinate, hesitancy during urination, dribbling after urination and nocturia. He denies dysuria. His current medications include: atenolol, isosorbide mononitrate, diltiazem and amitriptyline. residual urine volume is 100 ml.Which medication should the nurse practitioner discontinue?
Transporters, in contrast to channels, work by ________________.(a)    specific binding to solutes(b)    a gating mechanism(c)    filtering solutes by charge(d)    filtering solutes by size
The ________ runs deep to the internal oblique.
In pressure control ventilation (PCV), what change would you see if lung compliance decreased?
The tiny gaps between adjacent Schwann cells are called
If the "odd ball paradigm" for P300 recording consists of 4kHz, 4kHz, 4kHz, 1kHz, 4kHz, 4kHz, 4kHz, 4kHz, 4kHz, 1kHz, 4kHz..., which statement is correct?
Which assessment data best indicates to the nurse that the client's gastric ulcer has perforated and peritonitis has developed?
Write a compound sentence using yet
Which of the following is a combination of diffusion and dilution method?
Competitive scope describes the breadth of the target market the organization wishes to serve.
A main function of the spleen in an adult is production of:
The It's Meat Honest Burger Company has $2.5 million in equipment and has an accumulated depreciation account of $1.1 million. Which of the following statements is true?
Greater mixing depths:
Where does the power to declare war reside?
A patient enters the emergency department (ED) because of a motor vehicle accident (MVA). The patient is on a backboard and wearing a cervical collar. The technologist is concerned about the artifacts that the collar will project on the spine during the horizontal beam lateral projection. What should the technologist do in this situation?
