In Table 2 they have decimal numbers. For example, in Arrest history/No Work Income they show "11.82(1)". This means the chi-squared statistic was 11.82, and the degree of freedom (df) was 1. The chi-squared statistic has the equation (observed - expected)^2 / expected. Suppose they observed 30 people with an arrest history and with no work income. According to the chi-squared statistic shown, how many people were expected to have an arrest history with no work income? In a sentence or two, describe how you got your answer. You do not need to upload your work. You are welcome to use a calculator (including online ones) to help you with the math.
Why does the FTM media have a red ring around the top?
Is an individual with the XXY combination of chromosomes anatomicall male or female?
Explain your answer to the question on rabbit pigment.  Why did you pick the graph you picked?
A credit card whose interest rate changes as a specific market interest rate changes is said tohave a
A client diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia has just been admitted to the oncology unit. When writing this client's care plan, what potential complication should the nurse address?
Why are C4 plants able to photosynthesize with no apparent photorespiration?
You need a lot of available materials in the 3D design center.
A pipeline with data hazards must stall if a program it is executing has no data dependencies.
Consider a reaction that occurs by the following mechanism: A + BC - AC + B AC + D - A + CD The potential energy profile for this reaction is shown below.  Intermediates occur at which reaction stages?
Which of the following entries records the payment of an account payable?
Heterosis is defined as an increase in level of performance of the offspring that is greater than the average of the parent's performance.
During fungal sexual reproduction, the cytoplasm of hyphae with different mating types will fuse during this process.
Locate the detrusor muscle.
The best explanation for the formation of our solar system is __________________.
The liver is involved in detoxification of many poisons and drugs. Which of the following structures is primarily involved in this process and therefore abundant in liver cells?
Which of the following generally is unconstitutional in public schools?
General Elections are held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November of all even number years.
The First U.S. Case to "plant the seed" of corporate personhood was:
To decrease instruction per cycle IPC, -----------------------------------------.
