On Monday news reached us that the French* had printed a proclamation in Arabic and had sent it around to be read in public, calling upon Egyptians to obey them. A copy of that document came into my possession and I will quote it here: 'In the name of Allah, the Merciful, the Compassionate. On behalf of the French Republic which is based upon the foundations of liberty and equality, General Bonaparte addresses all Egyptian people: O ye Egyptians, some may tell you that we have come here to abolish your religion, but that is a lie. The real purpose of our campaign is to restore your rights from your oppressors--the Mamluk** rulers of Egypt. Know that all people are equal and that only differences in the degree of reason, virtue, or knowledge may be used to elevate one person above another. But what reason, virtue, or knowledge do the Mamluks have that gives them the right to claim the most fertile land, the most desirable dwellings, and the highest government positions in Egypt? None whatsoever.' In that proclamation, their statement 'In the name of Allah, etc.' suggests that they agree with Islam. But in reality they are opposed to both Christianity and Islam and do not hold fast to any religion. They are materialists who deny the Hereafter and Resurrection, and who reject Prophethood and religious Messengership. In politics, too, they do not have a single ruler, like other countries, who can speak on their behalf. *In 1798 a French army led by Napoleon Bonaparte invaded Egypt in an attempt to threaten Great Britain's access to its colonial empire in India. **the ruling class in Egypt at the time, mostly made up of non-Egyptians --Abd al-Rahman al-Jabarti, Egyptian religious scholar and resident of Cairo, eyewitness chronicle of the French occupation of Egypt, 1798-1801 The inspiration for the sentiments expressed by Napoleon had roots in
Did the treatment have a more significant impact on the product of Gene 1 or Gene 2 (use specific support in your answer)?
Ethics are fundamental to character because:
Explain some of the educational trends of the twenty-first century.
Assume you have the following relations R and Q:    R X Y    1 'A'    2 'B'    3 'C'    and    Q X Y    4 'C'    5 'B'    6 'A'    Determine a Relational Algebra expression (hint: write a multi-step expression/query) that uses the relations R and Q and creates the following new relation S:    S X1 Y X2    1 'A' Null    2 'B' Null    3 'C' 4
Rye Industries has a minimum required rate of return of 16%. Rye has two divisions, Commercial and Consumer. During the current year, the Consumer Division reports a return on investment of 24% and residual income of $50,000. What are the Consumer Division's average operating assets? Round to the nearest whole dollar and do not enter a dollar sign (e.g., enter 89, not $89.00).
If there is a gene in your cell that codes for a protein, than that protein is always produced.
Which of the following is NOT a source of humor in the play of Pyramus and Thisbe enacted by the Athenian craftsmen?
Once you declare a major, you cannot change it.
A nurse is performing a neurologic assessment on a 9-year-old child who has displayed unexplained changes in behavior. Which assessment finding is consistent with a neurologic deficit?
If you just purchased a share of IBM through a New York Stock Exchange-basedtransaction, you participated in:
A patient is diagnosed with schizophrenia. The physician orders haloperidol (Haldol) 50 mg BID, benztropine (Cogentin) 1 mg PRN, and zolpidem (Ambien) 10 mg HS. Which patient behavior would warrant the nurse to administer benztropine?
The oxidation of propanal (CH3CH2CHO) to propionic acid (CH3CH2COOH) has the following chemical equation: CH3CH2CHO + 2K2Cr2O7 --> CH3CH2COOH + other products. How many grams of propionic acid are produced by the reaction of 135.8 g of K2Cr2O7?
In most cases, information moves from short-term or working memory to long-term memory through ___.
__________________ is something that motivates an author to write an argument. It could be a problem, a question, or a gap in understanding.
Which of the following is not a key feature that is characteristic of chordates?
An example of private law is
Which of the following is not a dimension of culture?
A dental hygienist may administer local anesthesia to a 15 year old under what supervision?
Which of the following substituents would be deactivating in an electrophilic aromatic substitution reaction? Check all that apply.
