A city's Metropolitan Transit Authority (MTA) operates a subway line for commuters from a certain suburb to the downtown metropolitan area. Currently, an average of 5,000 passengers a day take the trains, paying a fare of $2 per ride. They estimate that, for each $0.50 increase in fare, the ridership will be reduced by an average of 500 passengers a day. (a)If x represents the number of price increases, write two expressions - one that represents the average number of daily passengers and the second that represents the price per ticket. (b) Using the expressions found in step a and optimization techniques, find the price that the MTA should charge to maximize revenue. (c) What is the average number of daily passengers when revenue is maximized?
All of the following equipment is needed to perform nasotracheal suctioning except?
What is the main reason physical activity is so important for someone with pre-diabetes/diabetes?
Local religions:
Walmart located in Durbin Park, Jacksonville, FL, has a distribution center that experiences an average weekly demand of 50 units for one of its most popular bicycles. The product is valued at $650 per unit. Inbound shipments from the factory warehouse average 350 units; where as their competitor averages 300 units. Average lead time is 2 weeks against an industry average of 2.5 weeks. The center operates 52 weeks per year; carries a 1-week supply of inventory as safety stock and no anticipation inventory. What is the average pipeline inventory being held by the distribution center? (no dollar signs and use commas)
If the speed of the roller-coaster car as it passed through point A is [vA] m/s, and the radius R1 is [R1] m, what is the magnitude of the acceleration of the car as it passes through point A? Give your answer to three significant figures in m/s2 units.
is the term for the efforts firms devote to distinguishing themselves from competing firms offering similar services in a given market.
What is the wintertime R value of just the 1/2" air space in a wall with batt insulation on one side (dull material) and an aluminum foil bright surface on the other side? Use the attached Load Calculation Sheets or your own printed out version of the same sheets
What intervention should be included in the care of a school-age child with bacterial meningitis?
According to Jung, all of the following are major systems of the psyche except
Using the Feel Method, a soil creates a medium ribbon when pinched between the thumb and forefinger. The ribbon is particularly smooth. What is the most likely soil texture.
What type of occlusal classification is normal?
Which best describes the typical perpetrator of homicide?
Which of the following is correct regarding the prevalence of Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes?
Which of the following statements explains why fat cannot be made into glucose?
For each quote below, identify the title and the author.  You do not need to explain the quote.  "I like a pipe for a Christmas present, / or records--Bessie, bop, or Bach."
Which of the following types of seizures may be difficult to detect?
The prisoners in the cave are meant to represent
The formula below describes the "harvest method".
Which of the following would constitute a criminal conspiracy?
