20.  In an insightful experiment performed in the 1960s, chloroplasts were first soaked in an acidic solution at pH 4, so that the stroma and thylakoid space became acidified.  They were then transferred to a basic solution (pH 8).  This quickly increased the pH of the stroma to 8, while the thylakoid space temporarily remained at pH 4.  A burst of ATP synthesis was observed, and the pH difference between the thylakoid and the stroma then disappeared.  Explain your answers. (a) Explain why these conditions lead to ATP synthesis. (5 points) (b) Is light needed for the experiment to work? (5 points) (c) Would ATP be synthesized if the solutions were switched so that the first incubation is in the pH 8 solution and the second one in the pH 4 solution? (5 points)
Senior management is most likely to be responsible for ______.
Which is the correct path of an electrical excitation from the pacemaker to a cardiomyocytein the left ventricle (LV)?
Calculate the pOH value of a solution that is 0.00358 M HBr, a strong monoprotic acid.
How does exercising before experiencing a stressor affect the magnitude of the stress response?
Calculate the mAs using 200 mA and 0.25 seconds:
How do Benthic (bottom-dwelling) organisms obtain their food?
Using Exhibit 5, assume that the balance of Accounts Receivable was $70,200 at the beginning of the current year. Furthermore, assume that the balance of Accounts Receivable is $61,000 at the end of the current year. When preparing the Statement of Cash Flow using the indirect method for the current year, which of the following statements would describe the proper presentation of accounts receivable on the Cash flow from operating activities section? EXHIBIT 5                                                                                           Increase                                                                                     (Decrease)       Net Income (loss)                                                         $XXX Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow         from operating activities:    Depreciation of fixed assets                                       XXX    Losses on disposal of assets                                      XXX    Gains on disposal of assets                                      (XXX) Changes in current operating assets and liabilities:    Increases in *noncash current operating assets     (XXX)    Decreases in **noncash current operating assets   XXX    Increases in **current operating liabilities              XXX    Decreases in *current operating liabilities             (XXX)          *SUBTRACT                                                         **ADD Increases in accounts receivable                    Decreases in accounts receivable Increases in inventory                                     Decreases in inventory Increases in prepaid expenses                        Decreases in prepaid expenses Decreases in accounts payable                       Increases in accounts payable Decreases in accrued expenses payable        Increases in accrued expenses payable
QUESTION 4     4.1   Read Extract 1 below and answer the questions set.                   Extract 1: NHS funding     The National Health Service (NHS) is the largest employer in Europe with more than 1.3 million staff. It treats over 1 million patients every 36 hours. Between 1997 and 2008 government spending on the NHS increased in real terms from PS58.5 billion to PS115 billion and accounted for 8.3 per cent of GDP. Spending is planned to increase further to PS127 billion by 2011. This reflects growing demand and cost pressures on the health care budget, following an ageing population, advances in medical care and rising staff costs. Staff wages now account for 40 per cent of the NHS budget.   However, the huge increases in NHS funding are set to come to an end after 2011 as government spending must be reduced following the impact of the recession. The government has identified ways to increase NHS efficiency by driving down the prices for goods and services it buys, reducing staff sickness, cutting its investment in computer software, improving the use of its buildings and lowering its energy consumption. Some progress has already been made as the average length of inpatient stay in hospital has fallen from 8.8 days to 6.3 days between 1997 and 2008. Source: adapted from: www.kingsFund.org.uk             4.1.1   Using examples, explain the significance of opportunity cost to the increase in government spending on the NHS referred to in Extract 1.   (4)     4.1.2   Explain two possible causes of the 'growing demand and cost pressures on health care budget'.   (6)         Total Question 4   [10]
With regards to Section 46.03, a person commits an offense if the person ___________________ possesses or goes with a firearm, location-restricted knife, club, or prohibited weapon listed in Section 46.05(a):
Which one of the following diagrams represents the electron configuration of a carbon atom?
In a global perspective,...when the number of total births equals the total number of deaths we would be at _______ population growth.
The phase of disease in which mild symptoms begin to appear is called the:
A Primary Care Provider (PCP) orders a serum Creatinine for a patient who had a recent surgery. The nurse would explain to the patient and his family that this test?
Among the compounds water, 1-butyne, 2-butyne, and ethane, which are stronger acids than ammonia?
If you hover the mouse pointer over a hyperlink, a(n) _____ displays.
What is the term for the chain of events triggered by the binding of the ligand to the receptor?
The nurse finds a patient in bed having a generalized tonic-clonic seizure. During the seizure activity, what actions should the nurse take first (select all that apply)?
Which of the following appears to facilitate faster language development between the ages of 1 and 3 years?
Where is the gallbladder located in relation to the liver?
