QUESTION 2     Numbers and operations with numbers     2.1   Thabiso has to buy bullets for his rifle with which he wants to go hunting. Each bullet costs R7.50. He wants to make sure that he buys enough bullets. How much will a box of 100 cartridges cost him? Show your calculations.   (1)     2.2   Thabiso and Thulani plan to go scuba diving on their holiday in the Cape. Thabiso calls the Into the Blue Scuba Dive Center to get a quote for renting the gear and boat for the day. The Dive Center informs him that the package they are interested in will cost them both "three thousand one hundred and ninety rand". Write this amount out in numbers.   (1)     2.3   Thulani takes his wife on a second honeymoon to England. As they go during the winter months, he calls his brother who lives there to find out what is the coldest it gets in England, so he can prepare. His brother let him know the temperature had dropped to 26 degrees Celsius below freezing. Write down this temperature as a number.   (1)     2.4   Simplify the following sum using BODMAS (sequence of operations):  6 (5 + 6) - 12 (30 / 6) / 3   (4)     2.5   Round off the following values   to the given quantity as indicated in brackets:             2.5.1.    1234,999 (to one decimal place)   (1)         2.5.2.    1 478 738 948 (to the nearest ten million)   (1)     2.6   Pete looks in the back of the cupboard and sees the bottle of Drink-O-Pop and OROS. He sees the ratio of the Drink-O-Pop says 4:16 and the OROS says 8:24. His mom tells him that he should mix both using the OROS' ratio as the two ratios are eqivalent to each other. He disagrees. Who do you agree with? Support your answer with calculations.   (5)     2.7   If Keneilwe reads at 200 words per minute, how many minutes will it take her to read 450 words?   (4)     2.8   A pack of sweets contains 96 sweets.              2.8.1     There are 12 red sweets. What percentage of the pack of sweets consists of red sweets?   (2)         2.8.2    37.5% of the sweets are blue. What is the number of blue sweets in the pack?   (2)
A rock is projected from the edge of the top of a building with an initial velocity of 12.2 m/s at an angle of 53deg above the horizontal. The rock strikes the ground a horizontal distance of 25 m from the base of the building. Assume that the ground is level and that the side of the building is vertical. How tall is the building?
In decision-making under uncertainty, the appropriate criterion to use is dependent on the risk personality and philosophy of the decision maker.
Identify the indicated structure (chamber).
After birth, a person's bones grow in length and thickness. A person grows taller during thieir lifetime. It occurs at the epiphyseal plate and continues until the person reaches the teenage years/early 20's. Which growth is the lengthening of the bone?
Impulses carried to the heart by means of the vagus nerve are
Securities of charitable organizations are exempt from the registration requirement of the 1933 Securities Act.
(2 pts)   Homogeneous linear systems are always consistent.
Generic business strategies are based on what two (2) competitive dimensions?
True or False.  The following sentence is completely grammatically correct: Dealing with undisclosed variables, working on flexible financial deals, and calculating short-term tax problems.
ID the FEATURE: [answer1] ID the BONE:  [answer2]
Which of the following is a true statement about a hematocrit?
You would expect cells whose function requires an abundance of ATP to have an abundance of which organelles?
Your patient called 911 because he was having chest pain. He states that his pain is a 7 on a 10-point scale. As part of your care, you assist him with taking his nitroglycerin per medical direction. After waiting a few minutes for the medication to take effect, you should:
The Code of Hammurabi was
_________________ are the primary type of border firewalls used today.
Convert 0.00095 km to cm.
Visceral pain is characterized as:
If a potato tuber is soaked in a solution with a higher solute concentration compared to the potato cells, which of the following will occur?
What note is a 3rd above G?
