PRIMERA PARTE: ORIGENES HASTA 1299 Responda a una de las tres preguntas (1, 2, o 3).  Que sean sus ensayos bien estructurados, y escritos con precision y concision.    PREGUNTA 1 Vease la serie de ocho jarchas adjuntas (a.-h.) y responda a las secciones A y B.  Situe las jarchas en su marco poetico. En su respuesta responda a las siguientes preguntas: ?En que tipo de poema aparecian, y cuando surgio esta forma poetica?  ?En que estrofa(s) se da la jarcha?  ?Como afecta la jarcha a la rima del poema?  ?En que lengua(s) se escribian las jarchas?  Expliquese. ?Cuales son los temas de estas jarchas? [Incluir al menos tres temas diferentes en su respuesta.]  Su publicacion en 1948 revoluciono las teorias acerca del origen de la poesia lirica en Espana y Europa.  ?Por que?  Expliquese.  a. Yosef al-Katib Tanto amare, tanto amare, / habib, tanto amare: !Enfermaeron welyos nidios / e dolen tan male!   (So much loving, so much loving, / my lover, so much loving has made bright eyes grow dim / and suffer so much!   b. MUHAMMAD IBN UBADA AL-QAZZAZ AL-MALAQI   Mio sidi Ibrahim, / ya nuemne dolge! Fen-te mib, / de nohte. In non, si non keris, / irey-me tib. Gar-me a ob plegar-te.   My lord Ibrahim, / O sweet name! Come to me at night! If not, if you don't want to, / I shall come to you. Tell me where I can find you?   c. Al sa'amu mio hali, / porqe hali qad bare. ?Ke farey, yaummi? / !Faneq [me] bad lebare!   My condition is death, / because it's so desperate. What can I do, O mother? / The falcon will carry me off!   d. ABU-L-ABBAS AL-A cMA AT-TUTILI   Ya matre mia al-rahima, / a rayyo de manyana: !Bon Abu-l-Haggag, / la fage de matrana!   O my affectionate mother, / in the light of day: The good Abu-l- Haggag, / his face like the dawn!   e. IBN HARUN AL-ASBAHI AL-LARIDI   Non dormireyo, mamma, / a rayo de manyana: !Bon Abu-l-Qasim, / la fage de matrana!   Mother, I shall not sleep, / in the light of day: The good Abu-l-Qasim, / his face like the dawn!   f. ABU-L-HASSAN YEHUDA BEN SEMUEL HALEVI   Gare ?sos debina / e debinas bi-l-haqq? Gar-me kand me bernad / meu habibi Ishaq   Tell me, are you a prophetess / and can truly predict? Tell me when my lover / Ishaq will come to me.   g. Des kand meu Sidiello benid, / !tan bona al-bisara! !Kom raya de sole esid / en Wad-al-hagara!   When my Cidiello appears, / such good news! Like a rey of sun he comes forth / in Guadalajara!   h. Garid bos, ay yermanellas, / ?kom kontenere meu male? Sin al-habib non bibreyo / ed bolarey demandare.   Tell me, O my little sisters, / how can I bear my pain? I can't live without my lover; / I shall fly away to find him!   PREGUNTA 2 ?De que manera podemos decir que el Libro de Alexandre es un espejo de principes, o sea, una obra que usaria el ayo (tutor) de un principe para inculcar en el futuro monarca las cualidades necesarias para reinar. Expliquese con ejemplos del texto.   PREGUNTA 3 El cristiano espanol de la Edad Media siente devocion por la Virgen Maria asi como por los santos. Con sendos ejemplos de los Milagros de Nuestra Senora, senale la recompensa que recibe el cristiano por 1) su devocion a un santo y 2) su devocion a la Virgen.
A patient demonstrates a positive head impulse test bilaterally.  When you are performing a dynamic visual acuity test you would predict which of the following results?
In printmaking, where multiple images are made from the same original design, each individual print is called:
You can reduce the amount of income tax you pay by investing in what kind of bonds?
Is the following citation from a popular or scholarly source? Braden, Cynthia. "Iago's name is NOT LAGO." Shakespeare Annual. 4.2 (2018): 193-201.
Corporate-paid premiums on life insurance for a key employee, where the corporation is the owner and beneficiary, are deductible on the part of the corporation for federal income tax purposes.
In which hacking phase are these actions most likely to happen? *All of the following actions take place in the same phase.    Cracking passwords Hackers increase his privilege to administrator level to install an application he needs to modify or hide data. Core Dump Buffer overflow
Thelma goes to collect her clothes from a dry cleaning store at 8:00 pm. The store guarantees a 24-hour pick-up service in all of its advertisements. However, she is disappointed to find that the pick-up service is available only between 11:00 am and 7:00 pm. This is an example of a _____.
14.  The mother of a 2 year old boy asks the nurse about when she should begin toilet training.  The nurse questions the mother about the boy's readiness.  Which of the following statements by the mother would indicate that the child is ready?
A Geiger-Muller counter is:
Extra Credit: The addition of a phosphate group to ADP to generate ATP is called
Hawaii (the big island) is an older island (it formed longer ago) than the other Hawaiian Islands.
Identify the descending (motor) tracts in the spinal cord.
Which of the following is specified by the detailed procedures in a test plan?
20. When you see the green, leafy, above-ground structures of a fern, which generation are you observing?
The Health Information director prepared a document in which the following information could be obtained:  job title, classification, typical tasks, and qualifications.  The document she was preparing was a
Lymph from the legs, abdomen, left arm, and left side of the head, neck, and chest flows into the _________.
2.5   Lifestyle is accompanied by money and wealth.   (1)
Determine whether the Mean Value Theorem applies to
This area is the visual center of the midbrain and receives input from the retinas and primary visual cortex
