A steam engine runs on the Rankine cycle. The steam leaves the boiler at 20 bar and 250 oC. The turbine has an efficiency of 70% and an outlet pressure of 1 bar. Pressure changes in the boiler and condenser can be considered negligible and the liquid leaving the condenser is saturated. Compute the efficiency of a Carnot cycle operating at these conditions.
What is the Glascow Coma Scale used for and identify the guideline that assists the coder in using the codes to represent coma status?
Identify this structure
Which of the following characteristics are part of the nature of professional nursing organizations? Select all that apply.
True or False: The enteric nervous system can act independent of the central nervous system to cause muscle contractions and gland secretions
You spend spring break somewhere cold. One night, when the temperature in your house is 70degF and the outside temperature is 20degF, the heat in your house fails. Two hours later, the temperature inside the house has fallen to 50degF. Assume that the outside temperature remains at 20degF.  A. Recall that Newton's law of cooling states that the rate of change of temperature is proportional to the temperature differential:
Which of the following statements are true for the given reaction A (g) + 150 kJ -->  Y (s) I. The reaction is endothermic at all temperatures II. The reaction is spontaneous at high temperatures III. The reaction is spontaneous at low temperatures
Where would you expect a species to have self-sustaining populations according to the BAM-heuristic?
What are second messengers?
Which of these terms is used to describe a new surgical connection between two previously unconnected bowel parts, vessels, or ducts?
Which growth medium is used for fungal samples?
Select the stage of the consumer decision process that is represented by the observation, "It's really hard for me to get to class on time without a car."
A 60-year-old woman comes to you and has pain in her hands at the POP and MCP joints. She also notices more swelling, and stiffness. She has noticed it more after working in her garden. Which of the following is the most likely explanation?
The frontier revivals of the Second Great Awakening
The form of carbohydrates most efficiently used by tissues is:
In ASL, basic noun-verb pairs are signs with the same three parameters but differ by one.  Which parameter is produced differently?
Electron carrier that is only made during the Krebs cycle. Word Bank: acid activation energy active site allosteric site amination amino acid amphibolic anion antiport apoenzyme bacteriology base buffer catalase cation deamination decomposition disaccharide electronegativity endergonic endospore etiology exchange endergonic exergonic fermentation fimbriae flavin adenine dinucleotide (FADH2) glycocalyces group translocation holoenzyme hydrogen bond hydrophilic hydrophobic hypertonic hypotonic immunology inclusions ionic bond isotonic lysosome monosaccharide mycology nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NADH) non-polar nucleotide oxidation oxidative phosphorylation parasitology pentose phosphate pathway peroxisome phagocytosis phospholipids photophosphorylation phycology pilli (conjugation pili) pinocytosis polar polypeptide polysaccharide protozoology reduction rough ER serology smooth ER steroid symport substrate substrate level phosphorylation synthesis reaction trace elements transamination triglycerides uniport virology
A study conducted by Brown University found a person's risk for developing cancer from exposure to polluted air _____ as income _____.
The central ray for a Modified Cleaves (frog-leg) projection of the pelvis shall enter at what anatomical landmark?
ID tissue at ARROWS. Be specific
