Bonus Question 2pts: In 1872 Leland Stanford hired photographer Eadweard Muybridge to prove what about horses? (Note: the methodology led to the invention of the movie camera and the motion picture industry)
When using prompts with an advanced learner, the therapist/RBT should ________.
Question 2 (15 points): Casting  A schematic of the shell mold casting process is shown below. This process requires making a thin shell around a heated metal pattern. The shell is made of a mixture of sand and resin (binder) and strengthened by baking. The mold cavity is formed by clamping two or more shells together. During metal pouring, the shell is supported in a flask filled with gravel, sand, and metal balls to reinforce the shell. Answer the following questions:    (a) Is this a permanent pattern process or an expendable pattern process? Explain in 2-3 sentences. (3 pt) (b) Is this a permanent mold process or an expendable mold process? Explain in 2-3 sentences. (3 pt) (c) Are drafts required for this process? Explain in 2-3 sentences. (3 pt) (d) Can products with hollow sections be cast using this process? Explain in 2-3 sentences. (3 pt) (e) Would cast parts produced by this process have visible parting line features? Explain in 2-3 sentences. (3 pt)
Which of the two question options above do you prefer to answer?
Select all that apply.  Which approache(s) can be used to maximize profit for a perfectly competitive firm?
Which level of the product is necessary in order to maintain competitive equilibrium?
What is the main difference between a conglomerate and a sedimentary breccia?
A reservoir rock for oil and gas should:
According to the Coase theorem, negative externalities can be internalized if property rights are well defined and
What is true of psoriasis?
Calculate the gross profit for Jefferson Company based on the following:    Sales  $764,000    Selling expenses  42,500    Cost of goods sold  538,000
When reinforcement is applied as an intervention to reduce the occurrences of a target behavior to lower levels of responding from high levels of responding, the procedure is called:
What is the most common reason as to why land will become partitioned?
If the earth is 75% water. There is 25% land. The wat percentage is agricultural land?
List pitches from low to high starting with the root (use letter names plus b, #, x, and bb only, with no spaces, like CEbG) for a Eb7 chord.
Which award was Henry Ford given?
South Korea, Thailand, Singapore and Taiwan are referred to as the Four Tigers.
The labor force is smaller than the total population because the labor force does not include:
In a negatively skewed data set, what is the relationship between the mean, mode, and median?
Generally, fat-soluble vitamins will be found in foods such as:
