INSTRUCTIONS      1. The answers you provide to the question paper must be your own, original work.     2. No copying from any source is allowed.     3. All work must be done on your own writing paper in your own handwriting.     4. There are 5 questions in this test.     5. You must complete all of the questions.     6. Marks are indicated for each question.     7. Scan all of your answers to this topic test into one .pdf file. Name your file as indicated: MATH GR11E InitialSurname T01 SBA002 Termtest     8. Diagrams are not necessarily drawn to scale.     9. Write neatly and legibly.     10. Round-off answers to two decimal places.     11. Providing answers alone will NOT give you full marks.     12. You may use a non-programmable scientific calculator.     13. Keep an eye on the time!
The primary American generals during the American Revolution were:
If a patient has a - 2 base excess, there is a metabolic acidosis occuring.
Anaerobic bacteria tend to cause worse infections than aerobic bacteria.
Audience analysis is only important after a speaker has prepared an outline for the speech
The ________ begins to develop about 11 days after conception, and is the sole source of fetal nutrition from the end of week 12 until birth.
A nondisposable needle used to puncture the skin requires which of the following levels of infection control?
A term that means under the tongue is:
Which of the following is the best resource to find details of an assignment?
Patient regresses to an earlier stage of life such as adolescence and exhibits behaviors unique to that stage, such as assuming a fetal position, excessive crying, and pouting.
Changes in the genitourinary system with aging are?
Which disease is characterized by rigidity of voluntary muscles and tremor of fingers and extremities?
Which ethnic group does the text refer to as the "invisible minority"?
Which vitamin is NOT a component of the B complex?
2-D and Doppler findings of severe pulmonary hypertension include all of the following EXCEPT:
In a separate negative feedback loop, the integumentary system helps to maintain homeostasis by elevating a low body temperature.  What are the receptors in this feedback loop?
Tacticity can affect:
Opposing anabolic and catabolic pathways are often controlled at one or more unique steps in each pathway, which is _______.
The issues surrounding rebel movements, the global economic recession, and labor conflicts would be categorized as __________ in the context of the De Beers SWOT Analysis.
The artery that forms two branches from the abdominal aorta and leads to the lower extremities is called:
