I agree to adhere to the HonorLock Policy for our Medical Botany course.  I understand that this exam, although conducted remotely and monitored by HonorLock, is the same as if it were an exam given in an in-person classroom. I agree to avoid any academic misconduct during this exam and I understand that any allegation of misconduct will be reported to the A&S College.
Problem  No. 1  A double angle shape, 2L6x4x5/16 is connected by a  3/4 -in gusset plate with LLBB as shown below.  The total tensile service load (unfactored load)  applied is it is 25% dead load and 75% live load.  The bolts are 7/8-in-diameter, A325 bearing-type.  The angle material is A572 Grade 50 steel, and the gusset is A36 steel. Hint: Check all possible failure possibilities, including block shear. Gage spacing (bolt raw spacing) see Manual p1-52 (Table 1-7A). Based on this answer the following question: Question 1.13: What is the LRFD design strength against rupture of net area (modified Nominal strength in accordance to LRFD consideration)? [Enter value in kips]
Dinoflagellates are common endosymbionts of
Hepat/o means liver. The word for enlargement of the liver is:
Which of the following types of abuse and neglect of the elderly is required to be reported?
A client sustains a complex comminuted fracture of the tibia with soft tissue injuries after being hit by a car while riding a bicycle. Surgical placement of an external fixator is performed to maintain the bone in alignment. Postoperatively it is most essential for the nurse to do what?
Based on the decision in McNabb v. U.S., the standard maximum time by which a first appearance should be held has been set at ________ hours after arrest.
Pepper's Automotive produces auto parts for various automotive retailers. Peppers is evaluating the exhaust system division of the company and has come up with the following data for the year: net revenues are $ 1,050,000, variable costs are $ 300,000, and fixed costs are $ 370,000. Of the fixed costs, controllable fixed costs are $ 110,000 and non-controllable fixed costs are $ 260,000. What is the controllable margin?
If the integrated rate law for a reaction was =1.50 (M s)-1+1.25, what was the initial concentration of chlorine?
In the following diagrams these symbols are amino acids:  (Select all that apply) Which of the following are monomers:
The Gibbs free energy per lattice site of mixing of two polymers, D Gm can be given as    where xA and xB are the degree of polymerization of polymer A and polymer B, respectively; phA and phB are the volume fraction of polymer A and polymer B, respectively; and kh   is the interaction parameter between polymer A and polymer B. (a) Show details of your derivation to obtain the critical volume fraction, phA,C , and the critical interaction parameter, kh C .  (19 pts) (b) For a polymer blend with xA = 700 and xB = 2000 and where  kh  = 70/T, will this blend phase-mixed at 700 degC? Assuming it has a UCST phase diagram. Justify your answer.                                                                                                                          (6 pts)
Insulin is produced by which of the  endocrine glands listed below?
(Linford) Which of the following sections of the equine gastrointestinal tract has 2 bands and sacculations? Indicate the single best answer. (2 points)
Urban blight can best be described as
When speakers attempt to argue for a particular course of action based on potential positive or negative consequences that may result, they are using _____.
Read the passage Sixth Grade Service Learning Program, and then answer the following question(s).You want to take part in the service learning program. What do you need to do to get permission to participate?
Which of the following do Judaism, Christianity, and Islam all have in common?
What are the expected results of sending at least 50% of children in a developing country to secondary schools?
1.4   The purpose of an environmental analysis is:   (2)
Please supply the correct spelling in the blank.     hospitible  dismantle  timidity
