Free Response: This question holds all of the information for your free response portion. You should work ALL of these problems before exiting the Canvas quiz. Before exiting the quiz, type your final answers only for these questions into the essay box below. Once you have closed the quiz, then you can use your cell phone to take pictures of your free response work and then can upload this to the assignment labelled "Free Response Quiz 4" for potential partial credit. You will have 10 minutes from the time you finish the Canvas quiz to upload. A periodic table and important equations and conversions are included below: (6 points each; 12 points total) NA=6.022 x 1023 M1V1=M2V2 pH=-log[H3O+]pH + pOH = 14     Soluble Ionic Compounds   Contain these ions   Exceptions         NH4+ group I cations: Li+ Na+ K+ Rb+ Cs+   none         Cl- Br- I-   compounds with Ag+, Hg22+, and Pb2+         F-   compounds with group 2 metal cations, Pb2+ and Fe3+         C2H3O2- HCO3- NO3- ClO3-   none         SO42-   compounds with Ag+, Ba2+, Ca2+, Hg22+, Pb2+ and Sr2+     Insoluble Ionic Compounds   Contain these ions   Exceptions         CO32- CrO42- PO43- S2-   compounds with group 1 cations and NH4+         OH-   compounds with group 1 cations and Ba2+      Free Response Question 1: Use the picture of the reaction of CO and F2 below to determine how many grams of F2 are required to completely react with 14.5 grams of CO. (6 points) Free Response Question 2: A titration is run between LiOH and HCl. If 35.0 mL of 0.82 M LiOH is needed to completely react 50.0 mL of the HCl solution, determine the Molar concentration of HCl. LiOH (aq) + HCl (aq)  H2O (l) + LiCl (aq)
Certain cells in the liver ingest bacteria and debris from damaged cells by a process called
Guided reading:
"The Olympic flame burns inside every competitor, igniting their desire to win gold" is an example of metaphor.
Name the following compound: N2O{"version":"1.1","math":"N2O"}      Charge   Name   Formula     1+   Ammonium ion   NH4+     1-    Hydroxide ion   OH -      Hydrogen carbonate (or bicarbonate) ion   HCO3-     Hydrogen sulfate (or bisulfate) ion   HSO4-     Acetate ion   C2H3O2-     Nitrate ion   NO3-     Nitrite ion   NO2-     Permanganate ion   MnO4-     Cyanide ion   CN -     Perchlorate ion   ClO4-     Chlorate ion   ClO3-     Chlorite ion   ClO2-     Hypochlorite ion   ClO-         2-     Sulfate ion   SO42-     Sulfite ion   SO32-     Chromate ion   CrO42-     Dichromate ion   Cr2O72-     Carbonate ion   CO32-     Oxalate ion   C2O42-     3-   Phosphate ion   PO43-     Borate ion   BO33-
What gas is used to insufflate the stomach during a laparoscopy?
Hearth & Home Furniture store advertises bedroom suites at a "Special Low Price of $599." When Ilene tries to buy one of the suites, Jill, the salesperson, tells her that they are all sold and no more are obtainable. Jill adds that Hearth & Home has other bedroom suites available for as low as $2,599. If done systematically, this is
Economists argue that the level of pollution should be
Why do facultative anaerobes convert pyruvic acid to alcohol or lactic acid during fermentation even though this does not generate any ATP and the alcohol and lactic acid is excreted as a waste product?
An employer must obtain approval from the IRS before offering a cafeteria plan.
(continued) d) A global pandemic reduces the demand for her product, causes some of her competitors to shut down, and increases the costs of her inputs. What will happen to her optimal output? Explain.
Which of the following concepts refers to a state in which racial and ethnic minorities are distinct, but have more or less equal social standing?
Ford and Schroeder (2008) did not find support for general strain theory.
True or False. The ethical decision-making model is a purely cognitive and linear process that follows clearly defined and predictable steps that all therapists must follow.
You are going to administer morphine 15 mg. to a post-operative C-section patient with a major wound infection.  The vial is labeled morphine 10 mg per mL.  How much will you give?
Which of the following factors makes carbohydrate important in world nutrition?
Which of the following statements best describes characteristic activities of a sodium-potassium pump?
Your Honorlock proctored session has begun. At no time during your exam can you close this window or your Chrome browser as this will end your proctored session and may be viewed as grounds for receiving a '0' grade for your exam.  Once you have completed your entire exam and seen the Green Screen showing that it has been submitted through Examplify, you may return to this Chrome browser window and advance to the next question in this Canvas quiz. Now that you have begun your Honorlock proctored session, you may open Examplify and enter the code below to access your exam: Exam Code: T3Xam5
An incandescent light bulb produces a:
Administrative responsibility for Brazil's health care system rests with which of the following?
