Maryjane has an idea for a novel, complete with characters, plot and an amazing conclusion, but she won't have time to write it until about 6 months from now. She may protect it by means of:
The anterior segment of the eye contains a fluid called ________.
You are founder/CEO of a start-up, FreshFlush, which manufactures the state-of-the-art Flushmaster2000 self-cleaning toilet. You have a patent on the design of the Flushmaster2000, and you started your firm in 2016 with 100,000 from your personal savings. In contemplating a Series A round, you have the following interests and objectives.  You'd like to raise $2 million to $4 million. If you could get $4 million to $6 million premoney valuation, you'd be pleased. You plan for more rounds. To make the company profitable, after the Series A round, you'll likely need two or more rounds of financing. You want to maintain control over the direction of the company, but you know that you'll need outside expertise. You've run the company well so far, but you would like an experienced hand that could help you move the needle. You've been in start-ups your whole life, but have never had a success. Your passion for the idea is balanced by the fact that you aren't getting any younger to start planning for retirement.    You go out and hit the market. The response is shocking. You get four options almost immediately. Among the alternatives, the following two options look the most promising:   Option 1: Term sheet from TopDown Ventures. TopDown Ventures is an early stage green technology focused venture capital firm located in Boulder, Colorado. The fund is a first-time fund raised by longtime friends Ace McGuffin and Bob Lobb. Ace has worked for VCs in the past, while Bob has 20-years of experience working in the green energy industry.   Their fund is a relatively standard VC fund, and includes the following terms: 10-year duration, with two one-year options to extend subject to LP approval; five-year investment period; 20 percent carry; and 2 percent annual management fees based on committed capital for the first five years, reduced in 0.25 percent increments annually beginning in year 6. Committed capital is equal to $250 million. To date TopDown Ventures is two-years into its fund's life and has invested in three software companies for a total investment (across all three investments) of $15 million.   Option 2: Term sheet from Wesley Ventures. Wesley Ventures is a well-established firm in your city that last raised money just over six years ago. You were surprised to get a term sheet, as you thought they were "mostly dead" and not making new investments. They invest in "everything" (i.e., across many industry sectors). The general partner who would take a board seat is a seasoned VC nearing retirement with a strong investment track record ranging from biotechnology to green tech to Internet sectors.   Their fund includes the following terms: 10-year duration, no option to extend the fund's life; no investment period; 15 percent carry; and 3 percent annual management fees based on committed capital. Wesley Ventures has committed capital equal to $400M and has invested $270M spread across 25 different start-ups.   The following are the proposed deal terms for both term sheets:       Term   TopDown Ventures   Wesley Ventures     Type of security   Series A preferred   Series A preferred     Amount of financing   $5 million   $8 million     Premoney Valuation   $6 million   $10 million     Price per share   $1   $1     Option pool; vesting   15 percent (post-financing). Standard four-year vesting with a one-year cliff vesting, although founders are credited with one year of prior vesting.   15 percent (post-financing). Standard four-year vesting with a one-year cliff vesting; no prior vesting credit for founders.     Liquidation preference; participation rights   Liquidation preference: 1x, no participation     Liquidation preference: 2x, participating with a 2.5x cap       Board of directors   Board: Three directors, composed of CEO, Bob Lobb, and mutually decided outsider   Board: Five directors, two chosen by you, two from Wesley Ventures, and one outsider elected by the majority of all stock outstanding     Protective provisions   Standard protective provisions, except that if any future preferred series of stock is sold, then the Series A will keep its own separate protective provisions   Standard protective provisions, except that Wesley Ventures must approve all board meeting dates two months in advance of the actual meeting     Anti-dilution provision   None   Broad-based weighted average     Pay to play   None   Yes, pay to play provision is included.
Distant galaxies are
An informal group of advisers to the president is often called the
public health initiatives such as aerial spraying for mosquito control are excludable
RNA comes in many different forms. Please identify all the uses for RNA inside the cell
A corporation may not be a partner in a partnership.
The government collects tax revenues of $100 million and has $105 million in outlays. The budget balance is a
In developing the cash flows from operating activities, most companies in the U. S.:
A sonographer decreases the field of view, but the frame rate was unchanged.  What other action did the sonographer take?
In the upright position, which region of the right lung would have the lowest ventilation-perfusion ratio?
While planning a client's care, the nurse identifies nursing actions to minimize the client's pleuritic pain. Which intervention should the nurse include in the plan of care?
The Age of Reptiles consisted of theA) Silurian, Permian, and Jurassic.B) Permian, Triassic, and Jurassic.C) Triassic, Jurassic, and Cretaceous.D) Permian, Jurassic, and Cretaceous.
A _____ protein will often have properties that allow it to be both strong and flexible as well as insoluble in water.
Which is the key to being effective?
What dollar value does Average Total Cost taken on when it is minimized?
Which poet wrote the following: "Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May, / And summer"s lease hath all too short a date."
Match the descriptions below with the correct male accessory gland or organ from the list on the right. (Choose the one BEST answer for each)
A specified dollar amount of a covered service that is the policyholder's responsibility is referred to as:
