Figure 33-5 Apply Concepts  What are the roles of the structures L and I in Figure 33-5?
5 kg of air contained in a rigid tank is initially at 30oC and 180 kPa.  A 25 W electric heater inside the tank is then turned on for 1.5 hours to heat up the air, during which time 40 kJ of heat is lost to the surroundings.   Using the ideal gas model and assuming a constant specific heat cv = 0.72 kJ/(kg*K), determine:  the final temperature of the air, in oC; the final pressure of the air, in kPa; the entropy change of the air, in kJ/K.  Please do NOT type.  Please write your detailed solutions on the exam paper.  Thank you.
Calculate the pH of a 0.550 M KF solution. The Ka value for HF is 7.2 x 10-4.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention do all the following, EXCEPT
Which of the following figures is an example of Nietzsche's master moralist?
Provide the name of the following compound.
2nd Attempt: The prescriber has ordered 740 mL of  D5W IV to infuse over 8 hours using a macrodrip IV tubing set. What is the flow rate for administration to the patient?  gtts/min (if rounding is needed, round to the whole number)
A nurse is teaching a client who taking benztropine (Cogentin) to treat Parkinson's disease. The nurse should instruct the client to report which of the following adverse effects?
A man is brought into the emergency department because he was involved in an automobile accident. His blood alcohol level (BAL) is 0.10% (100mg/dl). Based on this finding, the PMHNP would expect to assess which of the following? SELECT ALL THAT APPLY
Which is a member of a Multidiscipinary Schoolwide Assistance Team?
Which clinical manifestation in a client 4 hours status post-nasoseptoplasty will the nurse report immediately to the surgeon?
Which letter represents metaphase?
Which of the following is an example of expansionary monetary policy?
Use the equations below to solve the following gas law problem.  P1V1T2 = P2V2T1                          1 atm = 760 mm Hg = 760 torr A sample of gas collected at 21.0degC and 0.868 atm, has a volume of 1.83 liters.  What volume will the gas occupy if the temperature is increased to 38.0degC and the pressure is reduced to 0.658 atm?  To receive full credit:  You must use the math equation editor in the tool bar to insert the final gas law equation (with numbers and units) that you used to solve the problem.  Be sure to include the answer. Or, show your work on a separate sheet of paper and submit in the Unit 2 Exam pictures dropbox after completing the Exam.
The hip and shoulder are examples of what type of movable synovial joint?
For the following question(s), consider the following balanced equation.Mg3N2 + 6H2O - 3Mg(OH)2 + 2NH3When 2 moles of Mg3N2 are allowed to react, how many moles of H2O also react?
Majority of children under 18 in the U.S. living with stepfamilies have one biological parent and one stepparent.
Describe how a pencil of light is focused using a lens in a camera.  Include a definition and basic concepts of refraction and how it relates to focusing using a lens.  Also include a description of the relationship between the focal length of the lens, image distance, and object distance. Note: a pencil of light is a cluster of light rays originating from a point on an illuminated object.
A thirty-year bond with $1,000 face amount and 7% annual coupons was issued thirty years ago. You bought the bond 27 years ago, immediately after a coupon was paid, when the market interest rate on such bonds was 5%, and you sold it fourteen years ago, immediately after a coupon was paid, when the market interest rate was 4.5%.  What can you enter into your financial calculator to find out how much you sold the bond for?
A female client recently developed weakness, numbness and tingling on the left side of her body after failing her final exams. Diagnostic work-up revealed no known medical or pathophysiological rationale for the symptoms. Which disorder below could account for these symptoms?
