Farm Fresh Inc. produces frozen vegetables and uses a standard cost accounting system. Farm Fresh allocates manufacturing overhead based on direct labor hours, and the direct labor quantity standard is 1.0 hour per unit. During the current year, actual output is 37,500 units and actual fixed manufacturing overhead costs are $675,000. Budgeted fixed manufacturing overhead costs are $825,000, and the fixed manufacturing overhead volume variance is $75,000 unfavorable. What is Farm Fresh's standard fixed manufacturing overhead rate per direct labor hour?
Which of the following best describes the confirmation process for recent Supreme Court nominees?
The LPN is talking to a neighbor who recently moved to the area and says, "My allergies are just crazy here!  They have never been this bad before.  The doctor actually gave me this nasal spray to help try and breathe through my nose again."  The nurse suspects the physician prescribed:
I have a bearing that is 20 mm X 50 mm X 10 mm. What is the size of the bearing in inches?
If a variable has a large variance, you can confidently conclude that:
Which of the following belong to chondrichthyans?
Which letter below is pointing to the specialized cells responsible for monitoring blood pressure in the kidneys?
The amount of corneal astigmatism
The nurse is reinforcing teaching about ear hygiene. What equipment should be used for routine cleansing of the ears?
The viscosities of magmas increase with increasing percentages of silica.
Which of the following acts as an electron carrier in cellular respiration?
Cyril has to decide whether to travel to New York by train or airplane. Traveling by train would take longer, giving him potentially less time to spend in New York. However, traveling by air would be much more expensive. The train as a form of transportation is what type of competitor to air travel?
We get the word harmony from his writings of "armonia," which he described as "music of the spheres," and sounds of the universe.
The primary care nurse practitioner is caring for a 77-year-old male with a history of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and stage 4 chronic kidney disease. During a regularly scheduled follow-up appointment, the patient complains complains of increasing fatigue. A complete blood count is ordered, and the following results obtained: WBC: 6640 cells/ml3 Hgb: 9.1 g/dL Hct: 28.3% Platelet: 328,000 plt/uL MCV: 74 u3 (80-100 u3) MCH: 21 pg (26-34 pg) MCHC: 29% (32-36%) Serum iron: 82 mcg/dL (50-160 mcg/dL) Ferritin: 118 ng/dL (12-300 ng/dL) TIBC:  214mcg/dL (250-400 mcg/dL)   Based upon patient history, physical exam and lab findings, which of the following conditions is the most likely primary diagnosis?
27
Which of the following might best characterize Aristotle's advice about how to attain goodness and happiness?
Jesus was a priest after the order of __________.
A patient who has had open reduction and internal fixation (ORIF) of left lower leg fractures continues to complain of severe pain in the leg 15 minutes after receiving the prescribed IV morphine. Pulses are faintly palpable and the foot is cool to the touch. Which action should the nurse take next?
Under what heading would you likely find the statement that a drug should be used "for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and narcolepsy"?
Why does it take longer for a trained athlete to see increased lactate in their blood, when compared to someone who is not a trained athlete?
