How many mistakes does the following code snippet have? Locate and fix all the mistakes you find in the following code snippet. The goal of the program is to create two programmer-defined functions called isPrime() and display(), and test them in the main() function as shown in the test case. Notes:  A prime number is a positive integer greater than 1 that has only two factors, 1 and itself. isPrime() function takes an positive integer and returns true if the integer is a prime number or false if it is not a prime number. display() function takes an integer (xx) and displays the message "xx is a prime number!" if the integer is a prime number or "xx is not a prime number!" if it is not.            #include          using namepace std;         int main()         {                 num = 3;                 display(num);                 display(0);                 return 0;         }         bool isPrime(int num)         {                 if (num
What best describes the directional term proximal?
What is the function of lateral pathways with regard to the descending motor pathways? Choose the correct option.
Here are the analysis results for the subject's volume/capacity measured in the spirogram of the previous question.  What is the numerical value for this subject's volume/capacity which is being measured on the spirogram (don't forget units)!
Parents tell the nurse they do not want to let their school-age child know his illness is terminal. What response should the nurse make to the parents?
Puberty is defined as the age at which a person
What is the present value of $500 received at the end of each of the next five years worth to you today at the appropriate discount rate of 6 percent?
In patients with Hepatitis B infection, serological markers appear in which order:
The study of light and its interaction with various optical mediums is called
Instead of having a steady job, Lila stays home with her children and makes a little extra money now and then by doing sporadic sewing jobs for friends.
Which of the following statements regarding genital squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) in the horse is INCORRECT? (1 POINT)
What is the CUDA API call that makes sure that all previous kernel executions and memory copies in a device have been completed?
On the day of the interview:
Child's weight: 48 pounds. Child's height: 35 inches. What is the BSA?
In which case did the Supreme Court declare that Congress lacked the power to outlaw slavery in the territories?
The linear, non-threshold curve of radiation dose-response relationships states that radiation damage is directly proportional to radiation dose and that:
What is the least common denominator (LCD) of the following fractions? 58,49,926{"version":"1.1","math":"58,49,926"}
Which would not be classified as a macroeconomic question?
Consider the image below and select the bacterial transformation plate that would match this result.
In a spectroscopic binary, if a pair shows a combined set of lines tonight, but a maximum split four nights later, its orbital period must be:
