Find the inverse Laplace transform  of the function
Case Study (5 points): John, a single 35 year old oil rig worker, has not been in for a routing dental cleaning in two years. He is concerned because his gums bleed when he brushes and his gums feel tender sometimes. Upon examination, the hygienist notes the following in her assessments: * Red dots on the soft palate and on skin of his cheeks* Soft, spongy, red, inflamed gingiva; no recession* Profuse bleeding even on slight touching and with probing* Slight mobility on a number of teeth in both arches* Radiographs reveal no bone loss or other pathology* Light calculus* Plaque score of 20%* Several in-tact amalgam restorations, no overhanging or leaking margins; no carious lesions* Non-smoker* Takes no medications or supplements* Has no significant medical history* Lives on oil rig for 8 weeks at time; with two weeks off in between * Dietary habits:       o Eats mostly fish, meat and chicken       o Eats lots of bread, rolls, muffins       o Doesn't like many vegetables except iceberg lettuce and potatoes       o Drinks mostly water, whole milk, sweet tea and coffee for beverages; he drinks beer when off the oil rig   Based on John's assessments, answer the following questions: 1. What nutrient deficiency is the most likely cause of his oral condition? 2. What is the term for the red dots on John's palate and cheeks? 3. Why would the gingiva bleed on touching/probing? 4. What recall interval would you recommend for John and why? 5. What dietary suggestions would you recommend for John? Consider his lifestyle, his current dietary habits/preferences and his willingness to make necessary changes.
Once a white blood cell surface receptor has been activated by a non-self cell or molecule, it can RESPOND in several different ways:  White blood cells can proliferate and divide rapidly to create more white blood cells to attack the invader. White blood cells secrete signaling proteins (ligands), in this case, called "cytokines", that prompt other white blood cells to respond to the infection. The white blood cells can turn into cells that can kill or eliminate the microbe. Trigger inflammation - induce fever in the local area or the whole body  To initiate these changes in immunological cells, a certain SIGNAL TRANSDUCTION pathway has to be initiated by antigen binding. Listed below are the players in the signal transduction pathway for activating blood cells.  Components:                       Arachidonic acidCa2+ ion channel receptorCa2+ ionsCa2+ pump  Calcium-dependent effector enzymesDAG (Diacylglycerol)G-protein linked receptorG-proteinGDP-bound formG-proteinGTP-bound form   IP3 (Inositol triphosphate)Phospholipase CPhospholipase APIP2 (Phosphatidylinositol bis-phosphate)     Pay attention to the components with bold fonts only. The ultimate response of your body is to activate white blood cells to destroy the invading microbes by the three mechanisms listed earlier. However, a related part of the response to a serious infection is the onset of a fever. A fever is something your body does to itself (on purpose), not something the microbe does to you. A fever is triggered by cytokines secreted by the activated white blood cell. One way this happens is by enhancing the breakdown of DAG into molecules called prostaglandins. DAG is altered by an enzyme called Phospholipase A to produce arachidonic acid. Arachidonic acid can then be converted (via the cyclooxygenase pathway, don't worry about the specifics of this pathway) to produce prostaglandins. Prostaglandins are released into the bloodstream by the white blood cells, and SIGNAL the hypothalamus to secrete epinephrine (aka. adrenaline) to increase your heart rate. A sustained increased heart rate results in increased blood flow. Increased blood flow and increased metabolic activity (including the production of waste heat) cause over-all body temperature to rise, resulting in fever-level warmth. When you have a fever, one recommendation often made to help you feel better is to take aspirin to reduce the fever. The molecular mechanism of aspirin is to block the cyclooxygenase pathway. Importantly, taking aspirin does not result in a reduced ability to fight off the infection. Questions about this overall case: What type of signaling is done by chemokines secreted by white blood cells to breakdown the DAG molecule and produce prostaglandins
________ is an "intervention that strives to make lower-class lives comprehensible to the middle-class readers who comprised the main audience for fiction."
A client is surprised to learn of the diagnosis of a heart attack when there was no chest pain experienced but only some left shoulder pain. What should the nurse explain to the client about the type of pain experienced?
After receiving 2 L of normal saline, the central venous pressure for a patient who has septic shock is 10 mm Hg, but the blood pressure is still 82/40 mm Hg. The nurse will anticipate an order for
Label the following word as: R or P(Reactants or Products). This is pertaining to the categorizing of these words based on their role in Photosynthesis. Water
Name the part of the bone at the end of the arrow
2.1.5.   Which cell, X or Y would have more mitochondria? Provide a reason for you answer.   (2)
The nurse is caring for a hospitalized patient with a decreased glomerular filtration rate who is scheduled for an intravenous pyelogram (IVP). Which action will be included in the plan of care?
Consider a fast food restaurant where customers enter at the rate of 45 per hour. There is one server taking and filling orders. The average time spent by customers from the time they join the queue to the time when they leave the service counter is 10 minutes. What is the service rate (in customers per hour rounded to the nearest whole number)?
A patient is admitted to the emergency room following a gunshot wound to the abdomen. The patient is restless, confused, diaphoretic and has tachycardia. The physician determines that the patient has hypoxia. Based on the following data, what is the most likely cause of this patient's hypoxia?ABGs: pH = 7.37,  PaCO2 = 35 torr,  PaO2 = 88 torr,  SaO2 = 94%  Hb = 5 g% on an FiO2 of 0.50 by maskVS:  BP = 106/71,  HR = 118,  f = 24,  SpO2 = 94%
Which is NOT an example of a flat bone?
Consider the following code snippet: Scanner in = new Scanner(. . .); in.useDelimiter("[^0-9]+"); What characters will be ignored and not read in using this code?
Secretion of hormones from the anterior pituitary is stimulated by ________ released from the ________.
The nurse cares for an adult client with gram (-) negative septicemia. Which observation by the nurse requires contact with the health care provider?
Agnes, a 10-year-old girl, was diagnosed with bipolar disorder 3 years ago. She has been undergoing therapy and medical treatment since then. In this scenario, Agnes has a(n) _______ medical condition
In regards to unsafe products the assigned case study focused on the Ford Pinto case.  In your essay, please outline the corporate pressures that led to the criminal decision in this case, what happened, the corporate "strategy" to handle the ultimate deaths and injuries, why this strategy was chosen, and finally, the outcome of the case.
In this multiple-choice question, select the best answers. Which of the following THREE statements are correct when formatting a figure in a manuscript?
The table below shows the results of a survey of 950 stock holders. Each survey participant was asked how often they check their stock portfolio.  Based on this table, what is the probability that a stock holder tracks their stock portfolio daily or monthly? Give your answer as a decimal rounded to 3 decimal places.
