At steady-state, hot gaseous products of combustion from a gas turbine cool from 3000degF to 250degF as they flow through a stack. Owing to negligible fluid friction, the flow occurs at nearly constant pressure.  Applying the ideal gas model with cp = 0.3  Btu/lb degR, determine the exergy transfer from the gas, in Btu per lb of gas flowing.  Let T0 = 80degF and ignore the effects of motion and gravity.
Which of the following is the best explanation for why family violence tends to occur over multiple generations of families?
If you cannot defuse a potential workplace violence situation, you should do all of the following, EXCEPT?
You are evaluating a project that requires an initial investment of $1,400,000.00. During the first three years, such project will provide positive free cash flows of $600,000.00, $450,000.00 and $500,000.00.   What is the internal rate of return?
49.  Identify the endocrine gland  Adrenal        Ovary                Pancreas         Parathyroid            Testis          Thymus            Thyroid
Jarrod was an active man who was extremely interested in physical fitness.  Running, going to the gym, and being outdoors were a major part of Jarrod's life.  When Jarrod became unable to complete a run or his weight exercises, he became worried.  He was experiencing muscle weakness and fatigue more and more frequently in his daily life.  Where Jarrod had once been able to go to the gym three days a week for weight training and lift one hundred sixty pounds, he was now lucky to lift seventy-five pounds for just one full repetition before his muscles were no longer able to continue.     His doctor told him he had an autoimmune disorder called Myasthenia gravis where the body's immune system attacks the skeletal muscle cells, making them respond slower to the nervous system and present weaker contractions.  Jarrod didn't understand what any of that meant so the doctor proceeded to explain to him the importance of the nerves and muscles working together.   The neuromuscular junction is an important communication point in the human body.  This junction illustrates how the nervous system and the muscular system use electric and chemical signals to communicate.  This communication allows for our conscious control of skeletal muscles, so it's vital to our daily functions.   For this junction to work we must first produce an action potential in a motor neuron.  This action potential will propagate down an axon and cause voltage-gated calcium channels to open.  The calcium ion will enter the presynaptic terminal and initiate the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.  The acetylcholine will be released by exocytosis and diffuse across the synapse and bind to ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane (skeletal muscle).  This will cause the ligand-gated sodium channels to open and allow sodium to enter the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Once threshold is passed, an action potential is generated along the cell membrane of the skeletal muscle.  Muscle contraction will occur soon after.   For the muscle to relax, acetylcholine must be removed from the sodium channels by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.  This will break down the acetylcholine into acetic acid and choline.  The choline will be transported back into the terminal end of the axon and the acetic acid diffuses away from the synapse. This figure is associated with the text above and to answers to questions below.    The doctor proceeded to explain that in individuals with Myasthenia gravis, the person's immune system attacks and destroys the ligand-gated sodium channels on the postsynaptic membrane of the skeletal muscle cell.  With fewer ligand-gated sodium channels, it takes longer for the threshold to be met to generate an action potential and weakens the contraction strength of the muscle.    Jarrod was shocked to learn that it was his own body that had caused the disease and to also learn that his condition was incurable.  His doctor informed him that he could use corticosteroids and immunosuppressant medicines to prevent any further attacks, but the current damage was permanent.  Jarrod would be unable to continue living as physically active as he had previously been, but in time he would learn the extent of his physical capabilities and slowly define a new normal for his life.      The communication between the nervous system and skeletal muscle that allows for conscious control of skeletal muscle is called the
[VSA] What is the primary difference in the response properties of complex and hypercomplex cells?
Attacking the record of the incumbent and attempting to inspire change is a typical campaign strategy of
Which of the following is NOT an epithelial tissue membrane in the human body?
What occurs when a company places active or semi-passive RFID tags on expensive products or assets to gather data on the item's location with little or no manual intervention?
A(n) ___________ is an instantiation of a class.
________ refers to principles of interpretation.
Pain usually worsens during which of the following activities when Osgood Schlatter is present?
Choisissez l'expression appropriee pour completer chaque phrase. Faites attention a la conjugaison des verbes.    [option1] nous ne puissions pas trouver de travail apres nos etudes.  [option2] nous creions notre propre entreprise!  [option3] on ne reussira pas a rembourser nos dettes.  [option4] vous souffrez d'anxiete.  [option5] nous nous defendions contre le harcelement sur le campus.  [option6] nous devons tous agir pour empecher les agressions.  [option7] vous remboursiez toutes vos dettes des la premiere annee.  [option8] nous ne soyons pas prets a affronter une telle crise humanitaire.
63. Henry James' works are embedded with secrets.
The HBR material on monitoring and controlling your project includes several ideas that overlap with PRINCE2 principles and prescribed roles. Describe them.
Find the indicated probability.A manufacturing process has a 70% yield, meaning that 70% of the products are acceptable and 30% are defective. If three of the products are randomly selected, find the probability that all of them are acceptable.
Distributive bargaining is a zero-sum game, i.e., win/lose
Suspected ectopic pregnancy is evaluated by:
A nurse identifies that a child with leukemia has a platelet count of 18,000/mm3.  Which of these interventions should receive priority in the plan of care?
