Dispatch: You are called to University Center Club for a patient who is 7.5 months pregnant and thinks she is experiencing contractions.  Background Information: Upon arrival, you ensured the scene was safe and donned the appropriate PPE. You introduced yourself to the female who is laying down on a couch in the lounge area and shares that she thinks she started experiencing contractions during dinner 30 minutes ago. So far, you have gathered the following information about your patient - she is alert, she is breathing at a slightly rapid rate, breaths are of adequate depth and appear to be unlabored, and her pulse is present in her radial artery. You don't observe any apparent trauma to the patient. You complete your primary assessment and determine that patient is a low priority based on your assessment that there are currently no existing or potential threats to her ABC's. You determine she is a stable medical patient at this time. Additional Information: Your initial questioning to get more information about the chief complaint reveals that the soon-to-be mom thinks she's had maybe 5-6 contractions in the last 30 min or so, with each contraction lasting anywhere from maybe 30 seconds to a minute. She doesn't think her water has broken, but it's her first pregnancy so she's not sure what to expect really. Your SAMPLE assessment is as follows: S- (summary of the info. above) A- no allergies to medication M- Zofran and an anti-depressant P- depression L- finished her dinner right before the contractions started E- was just eating dinner and as surprised when she started feeling them   Q1: Is there any indication at this time that you might need to check this patient for crowning and prepare her to give birth? Please explain your answer. Q2: Please describe in detail what your focused secondary assessment(s) for this patient would be. You only need to describe the secondary assessment for this patient for this question - not the remainder of your care or your plan for this scenario. If physical assessment, please describe what the assessment is and how you would perform it)
Read the phrase, replace the English phrase in parenthesis with a logical Spanish phrase.   Use lowercase letters only, be sure to use the correct form of the verb and use a space between words.  Do not put a period at the end of the phrase. Nosotros (are right).
Remember to immediately submit your work papers for this test.  It is essential that the work is uploaded immediately in order for the test to be graded.  The work detailing your processes is a critical component of the assessment.  Tests without immediate work submissions receive a zero grade.     If you have any issues with the submission or if the assignment doesn't accept your work, submit the work to me in an e-mail, inbox message, or into an open homework assignment to make sure the work is received right after the end of the test.  Submission times are recorded.
Minerals are distinguished from each other on the basis of  _____________
Which of the following is regard as "animal-like" pathogen?
The dramatic reduction of a population after a forest fire decimates the majority of a species' habitat is an example of:
Which of the following is accurate?
This is the prime mover for horizontal abduction.
Please find below Midterm I. Download the pdf file and start working on the exam. Midterm I (click here to download the pdf file)   You are required to upload your work to Canvas when you are done. You can only upload a single file. You can combine all pages into a single PDF (preferred option) or compress all images into a single zip file.   Do not forget to click Submit Quiz (on the bottom right of your screen) after uploading your file.
The reaction involved in a positive tuberculin test is an example of:
Which of the following does NOT influence the stability of a joint?
In a ________, cryptanalysts submit data coded with the same cipher and key they are trying to break to the decryption device to see either the plaintext output or the effect the decrypted message has on some system.
The Cirque du Soleil fused elements of theater with traditional circus skills to create a whole new form of entertainment. Cirque du is an example of a:
From most superficial to deep, name the three meninges.
Which of the following would not be classified as a tangible long-term asset?
Briefly describe how the SELF is assessed.  Also, why is this assessment important from a Rogerian perspective (2)
3.2   Identify the simple mechanism    [1]
The plague contributed to doubts about the adequacy of authorities and institutions because
How many carpal bones are there?
Mittan Products, Inc., has a Valve Division that manufactures and sells a number of products, including a standard valve that could be used by another division in the company, the Aircraft Products Division, in one of its products. Data concerning that standard valve appear below:            Capacity in units   68,000   Selling price to outside customers $ 68   Variable cost per unit $ 34   Fixed cost per unit (based on capacity) $ 22       The Aircraft Products Division is currently purchasing 4,000 of these valves per year from an overseas supplier at a cost of $66 per valve.       Assume that the Valve Division is selling all of the standard valves it can produce to outside customers. From the standpoint of the Valve Division, what is the lost contribution margin if the standard valves are transferred internally at variable cost rather than sold to outside customers?
