Which one of the following enzymes catalyzes the transfer of an amino group to a- ketoglutarate with the formation of oxaloacetate and glutamate?
Which of the following statements about strategies businessmen used to eliminate competition is accurate?
Which of the following about chromosomal DNA replication and Plasmid rolling circle replication is TRUE?
Use the following code for questions 39 - 41.  The product method will take an object of type ArrayList as the only parameter, and the name of this list will be numbers. The method will return the product of all the parameter numbers. For example, if numbers contained Integer objects with values 1, 2, 3, 4 the method would return 24. Remember, type Integer objects are automatically converted to type int during expression evaluation or assignment.  What belongs in blank __b3__?
1.5   Manie Snyman kon een van sy besittings red.   (1)
Which energy system is predominantly utilized during a 1.5 mile run field test to estimate VO2max?
The San Andreas fault in California is a good example of a(n) ________ plate boundary.
Four graded potentials interact at the axon hillock. The four graded potentials have the following individual strengths: GP1 = -3 mV, GP2 = +2 mV, GP3 = +5 mV, and GP4 = -2 mV. What would be the value of the summed graded potential at the axon hillock?
The postictal state of a seizure is where the athlete/patient will be tired and irritable for a short time.
Which of the following is NOT a protective factor against substance abuse problems among youth and teens:
List three non-electric handling devices that can be used on cattle?
Although the exact mechanism is unknown, osteoporosis occurs when
Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey's "Love, that doth reign and live within my thought" demonstrates an irregular rhyme scheme, which helped establish the English sonnet form.
What type of graph did you utilize to graph your data when you studied the activity of catalase?
The electron configuration for Cl is:
QUESTION 3     Rian is Greg's father. He offered to pay for the delivery of Greg's gift, but he said he would look at the family's budget first:      INCOME   EXPENSES    Rian's Salary R27 000 Rent  R5 000   Mary's Salary A Medical aid  B   Interest on Investment R1 000 Car installment R4 700     School fees R1 860     Groceries  R3 000     Entertainment R1 500     Water and electricity  R1 200     Cell phone contract R1 800     WiFi R400     Petrol R3 000   Total Income R40 000 Total Expenses C          3.1   Calculate Mary's salary (A)   (2)     3.2   Calculate how much they pay for medical aid each month (B) if their medical aid expense is half of the rent expense.   (2)     3.3   Calculate their total expenses (C).   (2)     3.4   Does their budget show a surplus or deficit? Give a reason for your answer and show all calculations.   (3)     3.5   Copy the following table onto your answer sheet and complete it to show all their fixed and variable expenses.       Fixed Expense    Amount   Variable Expense    Amount                                   Total   Total         (4)     3.6   Name one type of expense that is missing from their budget.   (1)
Which class of IP address provides a maximum of only 254 host addresses per network ID?
If 30,000 units are 60% complete with respect to direct materials, then the equivalent units of production for direct materials are ________. The weighted-average method is used.
True / False: A negatively charged ion is called a cation.
Give the complete ionic equation for the reaction (if any) that occurs when aqueous solutions of Na2CO3 and HCl are mixed.
