5.  Three positive whole numbers have a median of 8 and a mean of 9      Find the range of these three numbers [3]         6. a) There are 36 students in a class.       All the students are either left-handed or right-handed.       The ratio of the number of left-handed students to the number of right-handed       students is 1 : 5  [2]         7.  Express 500 as a product of powers of its prime factors. [3]               8. a) Find the highest common factor (HCF) of 150 and 350 [2]           b) Find the lowest common multiple (LCM) of 150 and 350 [2]
The characteristic fishy odor is primarily due to what compound?
Modern roller coasters have vertical loops like the one shown in the Figure. The radius of curvature is smaller at the top than on the sides so that the downward centripetal acceleration at the top will be greater than the acceleration due to gravity, keeping the passengers pressed firmly into their seats. What is the speed of the roller coaster (in m/s) at the top of the loop if the radius of curvature there is 14.0 m and the downward acceleration of the car is 20.0 m/s2?
Which type of synapse is shown in the boxed region?
The difference between nominal GDP and real GDP is that
Meiosis involves two separate divisions resulting in four cells that are genetically ___ and ___.
How does Huxley use or understand the term ecclesiasticism?
Which of the following provides the information necessary to stipulate a protein's 3-D shape?
1. Define effective nuclear charge and shielding. (4 pts) a.  Explain how effective nuclear charge and/or shielding contribute(s) to the electron affinity of atoms. (4 pts)
During the creation of an action potential, depolarization of a membrane begins with the
17. What is a correlation?.
Argo ne demektir? Orneklerle aciklayiniz (write a descriptive essay on slang; 5-10 sentences)
Find the function represented by the power series.
99
The predominant gas in the atmosphere of Mars is
Use reference angles, knowledge of quadrants, and a trig table to find the exact value of  . No credit will be given if you simply plug it into your calculator. Show work by:  Finding the reference angle. Stating if the function is positive or negative based on quadrant. Use table to find the value, plug in, and simplify the expression.
In this classification, the mesial buccal cusp of the maxillary first molar sits in the buccal groove of the mandibular first molar.
The cell walls of fungi are composed of which compound?
8.  Which of the following statements explains the reason depot antipsychotics are used as long-acting injectable therapy for schizophrenia? (Select all that apply from the following options). A.  The therapy stores longer in the muscle before being absorbed into the bloodstream. B.  The therapy decreases the risk of patients developing extrapyramidal effects. C.  The therapy improves the quality of life for the schizophrenic patient. D.  The therapy can reduce the financial burden for the schizophrenic patient.
Concerning high-risk felony stops, which of the following is not recommended?
