The prescriber has ordered clarithromycin (Biaxin) 15 mg/kg PO once daily for a client weighing 77 lbs.  The pharmacy has supplied clarithromycin 125 mg/5 mL. How many mL should be administered to this client? ________ mL ( If rounding is needed, round to the whole)
Our bodies have two types of circulatory systems. Which system is considered low-pressure?
QUESTION 2: SPREADSHEETS Your uncle wants you to set up a spreadsheet to calculate the profit or loss per movie on a monthly basis.  Retrieve the spreadsheet Q2Monthly Income and change as indicated.         2.1   Merge and centre the heading GECKO GALORE across cells A to F.   (2)     2.2   Change the font size of the main heading to 16pt and Bold.   (2)     2.3   Insert a border around the main heading.   (1)     2.4   Bold and rotate the headings in row 6 by 45 degrees.   (2)     2.5  Shade cell E3 with any grey.  (1)     2.6   Column D contains the cost of hiring a movie. Column E contains the number of times a movie has been hired out.  Insert a formula in cell F7 to calculate the total amount of money made by each movie.                                                 Copy the formula down column F from cells F8 to F21.    (2)     2.7   Insert a function in cell B23 to work out the total amount of money made from all the movies together.   (2)     2.8  Insert a function in cell B24 to work out the most number of times a movie has been hired, using the values in column E.  (2)     2.9  Using the SUMIF function in cell B25, work out the TOTAL amount made by all movies in the Family category.  (3)     2.10  Using the COUNTIF function in cell B26, work out how many horror movies are in stock.  (3)         Save and UPLOAD the Q2Monthly Income document.
7. Hot dog buns at the local store come in packages of 6, while hot dogs themselves come in packages of 8. Lisa wants to spend the least amount of money buying the food for a barbeque for 12 people, but wants to make sure there are no extra hot dogs or hot dog buns left over.  a)  In order for Lisa to figure out how many hot dogs and buns to buy, will she use the greatest common factor or the least common multiple, or both concepts?  b)  Devise two distinct methods to find out how much Lisa must buy of each. How do the methods compare in efficiency and ease of use?
After completing a scheduled q2hr turn by turning the client to the left side, the nurse notices a reddened area over the coccyx that does not blanch. How should the nurse document this area?
What was the independent variable in the Cellular Respiration experiment where we compared respiration rates of crickets and mice at different temperatures?
During 2016, Quartz, Inc. developed a new financial accounting software package for sale. The company spent $15,000,000 on the system, 30% of which was incurred prior to technological feasibility being established. The package was put on sale January 1, 2017, and the company estimates that over the five-year life of the package it will generate $100 million in sales. During 2017, sales amounted to $30 million. Required:  a) Prepare the journal entry to record the development costs incurred in 2016. b) Compute the amortization expense of the capitalized software costs for 2017.
In helping toddlers to learn, adults should give children answers to remember.
Suppose a manufacturer has determined that the total cost C of operating a factory is  where x is the number of units produced. At what level of production will the average cost per unit be minimized? (The average cost per unit is C/x.)
The accumulation of ___ in the atmosphere is associated with increasing global temperatures.
True/False Directions: Determine if the following statements are TRUE or FALSE.
Shortly after implantation, ________.
To view the frog's kidneys, you must:
37. A patient is admitted for a coronary artery bypass graft (CABG). The patient states that the physician said that pacemaker wires will be inserted during surgery as a precautionary measure and asks, "What is the purpose of the pacemaker?" The best response by the nurse is, "The pacemaker:
Structure "B" is pointing to the _______________ sphincter.
In cellular reproduction, DNA replication occurs during
A cushion like shock absorber of two parts: a nucleus pulposus and annulus fibrosus.
You only need a bachelor's degree to practice as a speech-language pathologist.
Find the inverse of the one-to-one function   . Show ALL work!
An education researcher claims that the mean high school graduation rate per state in in the United States is 80%. You want to test this claim. You find that a random sample of 30 states has a mean graduation rate of 82%. Assume that the population standard deviation is 5.1%. Using a significance level of .05, do you have enough evidence to support the researcher's claim?  What is the the p-value?
